# 1011FA18-Lab04-091418.pdf - 3

o Note, you only need to know about conditionals to solve this. No repetition is expected. 
Part 2: Planning on Your Own (20 minutes of Tuesday Lab) 
*** It’s okay to use a computer and/or calculator for this portion *** 
Taking the information that was created during your brainstorm, write your own solution in plain English. How 
you choose to structure the planning document is of your choice (e.g., writing in a narrative form, list of steps, an 
outline), but you need to do the following: 
 Avoid using overly technical jargon Page 4
Lab 04 – Conditionals
CPSC 1011 – Fall 2018
4 
o Do not say something like “Input a value into a variable”. Rather say something like, “Ask the 
user for the unit price for a cup of coffee. User types a value into the keyboard, which is then 
saved for reference.” 
 Thoroughly consider all the issues you need to fully create a program as specified above (such as how to 
make the formatting look correct, how many variables do you need, what type, etc.). 
 Include the following mandatory header: 
o Your First (optionally, their Preferred name) and Last Name 
o Your Lab and Lecture Section 
o Lab 04 – Part 2 
o Today’s Date 
o Collaboration Statement: In this statement you indicate who you worked with, and which lecture 
sections they are enrolled in. 
Submit this part of the assignment to Canvas by 11:00PM (as specified in the submission Guidelines). 
Part 3: Implementation (50 minutes on Thursday). 
Lab Exercise 2. 
Using your planning document from Part II, you will create a C program called lab04a.c that creates and 
analyzes the Magic Square game. 
Your Magic Square program should clearly display whether the input is a magic square, and clearly give any 
reasons why input is not a Magic Square. You should use the same phrasing as in the example code above. 
For this part, you should not use loops/repetition.