# 1011FA18-Lab04-091418.pdf - 2

Science and Mathematics. Why? Well, simply put, there’s a lot of problems that the number of possible combinations make 
very hard to solve quickly, but are fairly easy to see if you have a correct answer. If you want some heavy reading, check out
this Wikipedia page. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NP_(complexity)Page 3
Lab 04 – Conditionals
CPSC 1011 – Fall 2018
3 
Enter in the values: 4 9 2 3 5 7 8 1 6 
You entered: 
4 9 2 
3 5 7 
8 1 6 
Analyzing… 
This is a magic square! 
Again, we structured this week’s lab to have substantial planning on the first day, and you coding your solution on 
the second day: 
Lab 03 Structure 
Tuesday Thursday 
30 minutes: work with 1-2 other individuals on Part 1. 
20 minutes: work individually on Part 2. 
Submit results of Part 2 to Canvas by 11:00 PM. 
50 minutes: work individually on Part 3. 
Submit to Canvas by 11:00PM on Friday. 
Part 1: Planning with a Group (First 30 minutes)
*** Do not use a computer or calculator in this part *** 
Work with 1-2 other people in the room seated nearby, maybe even someone new! Examine the output in the 
prior section and start brainstorming ways that you could “solve” the problem---that is, what is the information 
you would need to have in order to write a program to accomplish the task. 
Again, let’s find out about your partner(s) and then break down the problem. 
 Information about your partners 
o First and Last Name 
o Which is their “home” lecture section 
o Each person’s favorite season 
 What is the overall goal? (In other words, how do you know something is a Magic Square?) 
o What are the sub problems you need to solve to create the output above? 
 What information presented in prior classes or labs is useful in solving the problems? 
o Note, you only need to know about conditionals to solve this. No repetition is expected. 
Part 2: Planning on Your Own (20 minutes of Tuesday Lab)