# 1011FA18-Lab04-091418.pdf - 0

Page 1
Lab 04 – Conditionals
CPSC 1011 – Fall 2018
1 
Introduction 
In this week’s lab, we’ll give you more practice thinking about a problem BEFORE you sit down in front of a 
computer to write code. Remember, when planning solutions to a programming problem, it often helps to 
describe how you’d approach solving the problem using plain English---that is, avoid using overly technical terms 
like variables. If you can’t describe what you want to do in simple English, you are also likely going to have 
trouble coming up with the code! 
Lab Objectives 
By successfully completing today’s lab, you will be able to: 
 Conduct a brainstorming session with one or two individuals in the class.
 Create a planning document outlining your solution to the code.
 Implement a programming project that uses input/output, conditionals, and formatted output.
 Get to know people in your 1011 lab, again! :)
Prior to Lab 
 You should be familiar with input and output, conditionals such as if, if/else, and switch statements.
 This lab corresponds with zyBooks Chapters 3.1 – 3.10.
 The extra credit portion of this lab corresponds with zyBooks Chapters 4.1-4.4.
Deadline and Collaboration Policy 
 Part 2 of this assignment is due by 11:00 PM on Tuesday (9/18/2018) via Canvas.
 Part 3 of this assignment is due by 11:00 PM on Friday (9/21/2018) via Canvas.
o More instructions on what and how to submit are included at the end of this document.
 You should write your solutions to Part 2 and Part 3 of this lab by yourself. In this lab, you will talk at a
high level with others in your lab about a solution. However, you will create all code by yourself and you
should not talk about specific code to anyone but a course instructor or lab teaching assistant.
 Your zyBooks chapters and lecture slides are available resources you can use to assist you with this lab.
Lab Instructions 
The Problem: