# 1011FA18-Lab04-091418.pdf - 5

its entirety.
 Part 3: Submit your lab04a.c program to Canvas assignment associated for this lab by 11:00PM on 
Friday (9/21/18). You should verify within Canvas to make sure your submission was uploaded correctly 
and in its entirety.
o If you opt to complete lab04b.c, submit the program to the associated Canvas assignment by 
11:00PM on Friday (9/21/18). Please submit both lab04a.c and lab04b.c to the assignment if 
you choose to complete the optional bonus.
Grading Rubric 
 If you are not present and attending lab during Part 1 and Part 2 of this lab on Tuesday, you will not 
receive credit for the planning portion of this lab.
 If your document for Part 2 is not submitted successfully to Canvas by the due date, you will not receive 
credit for the planning portion of this lab.
 If your code for Part 3 is not submitted successfully to Canvas by the due date, you will not receive credit 
for the coding portion of this lab.
 Your assignment will be graded out of 100 points. The approximate grading distribution is:
o Brainstorming document completeness/accurate 40 points
o Program lab04a.c
 Program operates correctly 20 points
 Output is formatted correctly 20 points
o Program compiles without errors or warnings 10 points
o Proper code formatting and commenting 10 points
o Optional bonus exercise lab04b.c up to + 10 bonus pointsPage 6
Lab 04 – Conditionals
CPSC 1011 – Fall 2018
6 
 Requires lab04a.c is submitted
Additional Resources 
o You can read about Magic Squares on the web if you need to, but try to work from the examples.