# 1011FA18-Lab04-091418.pdf - 4

reasons why input is not a Magic Square. You should use the same phrasing as in the example code above. 
For this part, you should not use loops/repetition. 
Remember to include the following information in the header of each C source code file that you submit for 
grading. 
/* 
filename.c 
Author: Your Name 
Lecture, Lab Section: Insert Lecture Section #, Insert Lab Section # 
Lab #: Insert Lab # 
Submitted on: Insert Date 
Purpose: 1 or 2 sentences stating what the program does. 
Academic Honesty Declaration: 
The following code represents my own work and I have neither received nor given 
assistance that violates the collaboration policy posted with this assignment. I have not 
copied or modified code from any other source other than the lab assignment, course 
textbook, or course lecture slides. Any unauthorized collaboration or use of materials 
not permitted will be subjected to academic integrity policies of Clemson University and 
CPSC 1010/1011. Page 5
Lab 04 – Conditionals
CPSC 1011 – Fall 2018
5 
I acknowledge that this lab assignment is based upon an assignment created by Clemson 
University and that any publishing or posting of this code is prohibited unless I receive 
written permission from Clemson University. 
*/ 
Lab Exercise Bonus
Create a copy of your lab04a.c file called lab04b.c. 
Modify and extend your program so that it uses loops to perform the analysis. Note, your lecture section may 
not have covered loops yet, so if you have time to work on this, you may want to look ahead to zyBooks 
Chapters 4.1 – 4.4. 
Submission Guidelines 
 Part 1: No submission. 
 Part 2: Submit your writeup to the Canvas assignment associated for this lab by 11:00PM on Tuesday 
(9/18/18). You should check within Canvas to make sure your submission was uploaded correctly and in 
its entirety.
 Part 3: Submit your lab04a.c program to Canvas assignment associated for this lab by 11:00PM on