# 1011FA18-Lab04-091418.pdf - 1

 Your zyBooks chapters and lecture slides are available resources you can use to assist you with this lab.
Lab Instructions 
The Problem: 
This week’s lab involves games! We’ll be implementing a solution checker for a simple game. If you’ve never 
played, Sudoku is a puzzle game that uses numbers, consisting of nine squares, with nine squares within each of 
those squares. Within each small square, the player uses the numbers 1 through 9 so that each large square, row, 
and column all have exactly one instance of each number. 
You can probably imagine that once you think you’ve found a solution, checking it would be a bit tedious, so 
today we’ll write a program to check if the player’s solution is correct. However, instead of us telling you exactly 
how and what you need to code, we will give you some background, and it’s up to you and your team to figure 
out how you can implement a solution. Page 2
Lab 04 – Conditionals
CPSC 1011 – Fall 2018
2 
Example completed Sudoku puzzle 
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku#/media/File:Sudoku_Puzzle_by_L2G-20050714_solution_standardized_layout.svg)
Sudoku is a fairly advanced numbers game, so it would be unfair to ask us to have you write a program to figure 
out the solution.1
 Instead, we are going to have you take a look at some output of a smaller version of a game 
(Called a Magic Square), and then you will write a program to check and solve if it’s correct. 
prompt% ./a.out 
Enter in the values: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 
You entered: 
1 2 3 
4 5 6 
7 8 9 
Analyzing… 
[1, 2, 3] does not work! 
[7, 8, 9] does not work! 
Column 0 does not work! 
Column 2 does not work! 
This is not a magic square! 
prompt% ./a.out 
1 Is solving Sudoku really that advanced? Yes! It’s actually an incredibly advanced and unsolved problem in Computer 
Science and Mathematics. Why? Well, simply put, there’s a lot of problems that the number of possible combinations make