# 1900SP22-L01-Intro.key.pdf - 0

Page 1
TEACHING ASSISTANT 
FUNDAMENTALS
COURSE POLICIES + SYLLABUS
L01 - CPSC 1900Page 2
COURSE INSTRUCTOR
Dr. Christopher Plaue
McAdams 100F
864.656.6933 (office) 
cplaue@clemson.edu
“Doc” or “Dr. Plaue”
Office Hours:
 Mondays: 10:00-11:00 (starting next week)
 Wednesdays: 2:00 - 3:00 (starting next week)
Please post non-grade related questions to the class 
Teams—- more on this later.Page 3
TEACHING ASSISTANT
Patrick Smathers
psmathe@clemson.edu
Office Hours:
Over MS Teams by appointment
Fun facts:
I used to run close to a 20 minute 5K
I listened to over 2,100 hours of music last year
I am working towards a minor in physicsPage 4
WHAT DO YOU HOPE TO 
GAIN OUT OF THIS COURSE?Page 5
WHAT’S YOUR BIGGEST 
FEAR OF BEING A TA?Page 6
TRAINING COURSE GOALS
• Use educational technology tools
• Write a grading script
• Describe applicable Clemson University and School of Computing policies 
regarding teaching and privacy
• Develop a grading rubric to provide relevant feedback to a student (graduate 
section only)
• Describe best practices for interacting with students
BY THE END OF THIS CLASS, YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO:Page 7
LEARNING OUTCOMES
• Describe the organization of the School of Computing
• Understand nuts & bolts and responsibilities of being a teaching assistant
• Explain challenges associated with being a teaching assistant 
• Review hopes and fears of being a new undergraduate TA
BY THE END OF THIS LECTURE, YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO:Page 8
TEAMWORKPage 9
Page 10
SCHOOL OF COMPUTING LEADERSHIP
Dr. Amy Apon
School of Computing Director
Dr. Mark Smotherman
School of Computing Associate Director
Dr. Brian Dean
CPSC Division Chair
Dr. Brygg Ullmer
HCC Division Chair
Dr. Wayne Goddard
FOI Division Chair
Dr. Victor Zordan
VC Division ChairPage 11
WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO BE A TA?Page 12
TYPICAL CLASS DUTIES
• Preparing for lab by stepping through assignment
• Give a brief introductory lesson on the lab material