# 1900SP22-L01-Intro.key.pdf - 3

• When clocked out, do the same with your schoolwork so you can be sure to leave yourself 
enough time to do your job and have a social life too
• Write out what you need to do for your classes and job and plan out time to do each task
• Sometimes school and work can get overwhelming, so don’t be afraid to talk with the other 
TA’s and professor if you’re drowning in work and need help. The sooner you can ask for 
help, the better.Page 21
SAGE ADVICE
• There’s always going to be a few people that wait till the very last minute to ask for help, and you 
need to remember that you cannot always help them in the end. 
• Sometimes you’re going to feel guilty giving bad grades, but you need to remember it’s not 
because you’re mean, but because of the quality of their work. 
• There will be times when you do not have the answers to a student’s questions. Just remember, 
you have other TA’s to talk to for help and you can reach out to your professor for clarification. Work 
as a team!
• A lot of students can be reluctant to go to office hours and get help, so be sure to encourage 
students often to go if they have questions or need help with a bug instead of losing time stuck on 
a bug or being confused. Page 22
SAGE ADVICE
• Plan ahead for my school work and TA work better
• There will be times when there’s a lot to do for school and TA’ing
• Set time aside to write workflow scripts
• I.e., unzipping class submission archives and subfolders, batch renaming folders, 
compiling, etc.
• Be more focused when grading to finish faster and return grades. 
• Say no to helping people more often when I had things due soon to focus on my 
workPage 23
SAGE ADVICE
• More than likely, you will be asked for help a good bit outside of your normal lab and office 
hours time, especially when there’s a platform for easy instant contact (email, Teams, etc)
• If you are too busy and don’t have time, do not feel obligated to make time outside of your