# 1900FA24-Syllabus.pdf - 3

the academic honesty policy should be directed to the instructor. Any student submissions should adhere to posted 
collaboration policies. Students should take care to use proper citations for any work that is not their own. Plagiarism
includes the intentional or unintentional copying of language, structure, or ideas of another and attributing the work to one’s 
own efforts and is forbidden. Graded works generated by artificial intelligence or ghostwritten (either paid or free) are 
expressly forbidden. See the Undergraduate Academic Integrity Policy website for additional information and the current 
catalog (“Academic Regulations” section) for the policy. Send questions to UGSintegrity@clemson.edu.
Note, the minimum sanction for a guilty verdict in an academic honesty hearing will be a course grade of F, even for first 
offenders. 
ANTI-DISCRIMINATION POLICY 
Clemson University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, 
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, pregnancy or related conditions (including pregnancy, childbirth, termination of 
pregnancy, lactation, recovery from the foregoing, or medical conditions related to the foregoing), national origin, age, 
disability, veteran’s status, genetic information or protected activity in employment, educational programs and activities, 
admissions and financial aid. This includes a prohibition against sex discrimination (including sex-based harassment and 
sexual violence) as mandated by Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. This Title IX policy is located on the Access 
Compliance and Education website. Ms. Alesia Smith is the Clemson University Title IX Coordinator, and the Assistant Vice 
President of Equity Compliance. Her office is located at 223 Brackett Hall, 864-656-3181 and her email address is