# Dean-4890-s22.pdf - 2

• Past Contests from USACO (usaco.org).
2Page 3
7 Topics Covered
Each week we will discuss one or more problems drawn typically from old competitive programming
contests, or problems that are common in technical job interviews. We will review problem-solving
strategies, algorithms, and data structures relevant to those particular problems. Hence, there is
no specific list of topics fixed in advance for the seminar, but the topics discussed in class are driven
by the problems being discussed.
8 Course Materials
There is no official textbook for this course. Course discussions will provide most of the important
ideas in the course, and we post lecture slides (if used) as well as course discussion videos (if
recorded) on Canvas. We may at times use a “flipped” classroom model where videos are posted to
Canvas in advance and class time is spent discussing topics in greater depth, under the assumption
that students have already watched the lecture content.
9 Technology Requirements and Course Delivery
We will use Canvas for posting all course materials. You are responsible for checking Canvas on a
daily basis to stay up-to-date on all assigned work. We will use the handin website for electronic
submission of assignments. You may not record class meetings without prior permission.
10 Course Conduct
• Attendance and Participation. You are generally expected to arrive on-time for every
class and lab meeting. Students may leave class after 15 minutes if the instructor does not
arrive by that time. If a student cannot attend class, it is his or her responsibility to obtain
notes and other information on the material that was missed. Cell phones should be turned
off during class time, and students opting to bring laptop computers should use them only
for class purposes.
• Academic Integrity. The official university policy on academic integrity is as follows: “As
members of the Clemson University community, we have inherited Thomas Green Clemson’s