# Dean-4890-s22.pdf - 3

• Academic Integrity. The official university policy on academic integrity is as follows: “As
members of the Clemson University community, we have inherited Thomas Green Clemson’s
vision of this institution as a “high seminary of learning”. Fundamental to this vision is
a mutual commitment to truthfulness, honor, and responsibility, without which we cannot
earn the trust and respect of others. Furthermore, we recognize that academic dishonesty
detracts from the value of a Clemson degree. Therefore, we shall not tolerate lying, cheating,
or stealing in any form.” The instructor of this class values academic integrity very highly,
and will report any infractions for further disciplinary action. Please ask the instructor if you
have any questions on matters of academic integrity (e.g., what constitutes plagiarism).
• Title IX. Clemson University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender,
pregnancy, national origin, age, disability, veteran’s status, genetic information or protected
3Page 4
activity (e.g., opposition to prohibited discrimination or participation in any complaint process, etc.) in employment, educational programs and activities, admissions and financial aid.
This includes a prohibition against sexual harassment and sexual violence as mandated by Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. The University is committed to combatting sexual harassment and sexual violence. As a result, you should know that University faculty and
staff members who work directly with students are required to report any instances of sexual
harassment and sexual violence, to the University’s Title IX Coordinator. What this means is
that as your professor, I am required to report any incidents of sexual harassment, sexual violence or misconduct, stalking, domestic and/or relationship violence that are directly reported