# Dean-4890-s22.pdf - 4

that as your professor, I am required to report any incidents of sexual harassment, sexual violence or misconduct, stalking, domestic and/or relationship violence that are directly reported
to me, or of which I am somehow made aware. There are two important exceptions to this requirement about which you should be aware: Confidential Resources and facilitators of sexual
awareness programs such as “Take Back the Night and Aspire to be Well” when acting in those
capacities, are not required to report incidents of sexual discrimination. Another important
exception to the reporting requirement exists for academic work. Disclosures about sexual harassment, sexual violence, stalking, domestic and/or relationship violence that are shared as
part of an academic project, a research project, classroom discussion, or course assignment,
are not required to be disclosed to the University’s Title IX Coordinator. This policy is
located at http://www.clemson.edu/campus-life/campus-services/access/title-ix/.
Ms. Alesia Smith is the Executive Director for Equity Compliance and the Title IX Coordinator. Her office is located at 223 Holtzendorff Hall, phone number is 864.656.3181, and
email address is alesias@clemson.edu.
11 Accessibility
Clemson University values the diversity of our student body as a strength and a critical component
of our dynamic community. Students with disabilities or temporary injuries/conditions may require
accommodations due to barriers in the structure of facilities, course design, technology used for
curricular purposes, or other campus resources. Students who experience a barrier to full access to
a class should let the professor know, and make an appointment to meet with a staff member in
Student Accessibility Services as soon as possible. You can make an appointment by calling 864-
656-6848 or by emailing studentaccess@lists.clemson.edu. Students who receive Academic