# Dean-4890-s22.pdf - 5

Student Accessibility Services as soon as possible. You can make an appointment by calling 864-
656-6848 or by emailing studentaccess@lists.clemson.edu. Students who receive Academic
Access Letters are strongly encouraged to request, obtain and present these to their professors as
early in the semester as possible so that accommodations can be made in a timely manner. It is the
student’s responsibility to follow this process each semester. You can access further information
here: http://www.clemson.edu/campus-life/campusservices/sds/
12 COVID-19 Specific Information
Students are required to abide by all Clemson University policies (e.g., masking) related to COVID19. In accordance with scientifically grounded best practices for mitigating risk associated with
this pandemic, and in the spirit of respect for your fellow students and instructors in the Clemson
family, students are highly encouraged to demonstrate responsible behavior to prevent the spread of
COVID-19; vaccination in particular is highly encouraged as mechanism to help ensure the Clemson
academic enterprise can continue to operate in “back to normal” mode. For a student who reports
testing positive or is being asked to quarantine/isolate because of exposure to the virus, it will be
4Page 5
up to the student to proactively keep up with any missed class material and work.
13 Feedback
Please feel welcome to ask for feedback on your performance in the class at any time. In addition,
please feel welcome to send constructive feedback to your instructor at any time — your instructor
places a great deal of value on the ability to present challenging material in manner that is clear,
well motivated, and fun, and he appreciates any feedback you can offer on how to improve the
quality of the course.
14 Syllabus Modifications
The course syllabus is a general plan for the course. Should deviations be necessary, they will be
announced to the class and posted on Canvas.
5