# kplis59883fall2017.pdf - 6

own. Even though we will be using the IntelliJ IDE in the course, you will be required to turn in code that 
compiles and runs on the school unix machines. There should be no issue with your code running on 
unix, but always check before submitting assignments. Homework assignments will be worth 30% of the 
final grade in the course.
Homework assignments will normally have an 11:59 pm deadline. That deadline is a firm deadline. Any 
submission after that time will be considered late and receive a penalty (normally 20% of for each day 
late, but it could be a harsher penalty). Even a minute late counts as late. We all know that things can go Page 5
wrong while trying to submit an assignment. Your laptop battery could die, the wi-fi could stop working, 
Canvas could crash or be slow, etc. If I don’t have proof that the assignment was completed before the 
deadline, then it is late. Give yourself the time to finish the assignment earlier in the day so when 
something goes wrong you have time to fix it or find another way to submit the assignment before the 
deadline.
Quizzes: There will be announced quizzes during the semester. Quizzes will be given during lab time and 
are not expected to take long to complete. Announced quizzes will account for 10% of your final grade.
Pop Quizzes:
Unannounced quizzes will be very short (a few questions) and will be much easier questions, and they
will be proctored using Reef. They will be used as recall exercises and as a way for everyone to gauge 
their progress in learning the material. They will be very common occurring at least once a week, and 
potentially during every lecture. Unannounced quizzes cannot be made up in the event that you miss 
class (even with prior notice); however, a 10% curve is added to the unannounced quiz grades. Half of 
the grade on a pop quiz will be based on participation, the other half will be based on correctness. Pop 
Quizzes will be worth 5% of your final grade.