# kplis59883fall2017.pdf - 7

the grade on a pop quiz will be based on participation, the other half will be based on correctness. Pop 
Quizzes will be worth 5% of your final grade.
Mid-term Exams: There will be two mid-term exams worth 12.5% of the final grade each, for a total of 
25% of the final grade. Notice of the midterms will be given well in advance to allow plenty of time for 
preparation.
The following dates are tentative and subject to change
Midterm 1: Wednesday, October 4th
Midterm 2: Monday, November 6th
Final Exam: The final exam will be worth 15% of your final grade. The final exam will be given on 
Tuesday, December 12th at 3:00 pm in the normal classroom. I cannot change the final exam time. If you 
have three or more final exams on the same day, let me know and we may be able to move your exam 
to a different time. I do not allow anyone to exempt the final exam. It is worth far too much of the final 
grade. If you are doing well in the course and learning the material (actually learning, not cramming), 
you should have no problem with the final exam and it should not be a source of too much stress. 
Extra Credit: There will be no extra credit for this course.
Grading Scale: 
Percent Grade Letter Grade
>= 90% A
<90% AND >=80% B
<80% AND >=70% C
<70% AND >=60% D
<60% FPage 6
This grading scale will not change, however a curve may be applied at the instructor’s discretion at the 
end of the semester, or to individual exams, quizzes or assignments. Curves can only raise your grade, 
they can never lower it. Curves will never result in a student earning more than 100% in the class or an 
assignment. Curves are meant to correct for instructor error. If I give an exam that students are unable 
to finish in the allotted time, then I gave an unfair exam and a curve will be applied to correct that error.
Academic Integrity:
Unless specifically assigned as a group assignment, all work for this course must be completed on your