# kplis59883fall2017.pdf - 3

assignments or what topics you will miss.
If you will be missing class for any reason and you let me know before hand, you may be able to make 
up assignments that you would miss in class (instructor’s discretion). The more notice I have about a 
missed class the easier it will be to make arrangements for in class assignments. Missed quizzes and 
exams can only be made up with significant prior notice, at least 24 hours in advance, or in the case of 
extreme circumstances (car wreck, hospitalization, etc) which will require some form of evidence.
Unannounced quizzes cannot be made up in the event that you miss class (even with prior notice); 
however, there is a 10% curve added to the unannounced quiz grade. So you can safely miss 10% of the 
unannounced quizzes without negatively affecting your grade.
Any exam that was scheduled at the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather will be given 
at the next class meeting unless contacted by the instructor. Any assignments due at the time of a class 
cancellation due to inclement weather will be due at the next class meeting unless contacted by the 
instructor. Any assignments that are turned in remotely (email, blackboard, canvas, etc.) will still be due 
at their normal due date even in the case of inclement weather. Any extension or postponement of 
assignments or exams must be granted by the instructor via email or Canvas within 24 hours of the 
weather related cancellation.
Students are expected to wait 10 minutes after the scheduled start of class for the instructor to arrive. 
After 10 minutes, if the instructor has not arrived, assume the class was cancelled. I will do everything I 
can to make sure you are aware of any class cancellations. This policy is for extreme circumstances, such 
as a car wreck or hospitalization on my end.
Grading:
You are responsible for keeping track of your own grades. I will post grades for individual assignments