# kplis59883fall2017.pdf - 1

with emails that exchange can take quite some time, leaving you less time to complete your assignment.
Also, I have a simple request. If you want something to be a priority for me, make sure it is a priority for 
you as well. If you have issues with attending class regularly, do not expect me to sit down and reteach 
the material just for you. If you wait until the last minute to start an assignment, do not expect me to be 
sitting by my computer anxiously awaiting any last second emails with questions. Again, expect a 
significant delay in response time for emails.
Course Description:
Intensive study of software development foundations; advanced coverage of programming language 
primitives, function-level design principles, and standard development and debugging tools. Page 2
Introductory coverage of module-level design principles, program specification and reasoning principles, 
and validation and verification techniques.
Learning Outcomes:
 Construct, execute, and debug programs using a modern IDE and associated tools such as unit 
testing tools and visual debuggers.
 Learn to use abstraction and design-by-contract principles to specify, develop, and reason about 
the behavior of a component
 Construct and debug programs using the standard libraries available with a chosen 
programming language (Java).
 Understand how to use contracts, select test inputs, debug, or trace code to find and isolate 
errors, and to avoid errors.
 Be familiar with and use common design patterns.
Textbook:
There is no textbook for this course. All necessary materials will be freely available. Materials will either 
be created by the instructor and presented for free on Canvas, or be freely available online with the links 
posted on Canvas.
You may find the following references helpful.
Online Java tutorials: http://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/index.html
Online Java libraries API: http://download.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/