# kplis59883fall2017.pdf - 4

as a car wreck or hospitalization on my end.
Grading:
You are responsible for keeping track of your own grades. I will post grades for individual assignments 
on Canvas, but Canvas does not keep track of the way that grades are weighted for the final grade. You 
will need to do so yourself in order to have an accurate picture of your grade in the class. Exam and Quiz 
grades may not appear on Canvas, but they will be returned in class. If you are not in class the day that a 
grade is handed out, you can come to my office to pick up the graded assignment. Any emails regarding 
your grade must be sent from your Clemson.edu email address. I cannot discuss grades with an 
unverified email without risk of violating FERPA laws.
Lab Assignments:
This course does have a lab component. In each lab, you will be given an assignment to complete, and 
you will submit the assignment at the end of the lab period. These assignments will be meant to help 
you learn the material presented in lectures, and you will be able to refer to notes for help, so make Page 4
sure to bring your notes with you. TA’s and/or myself will be available for help during the labs. However 
there will be more students than TA’s, so try to solve the problem on your own before asking for help, as 
time may limit how many students we can help.
Part of the requirement of the lab assignment is that you complete it in the allotted time in front of the 
TA or instructor. This means that attendance in the lab is required. You cannot just submit the lab from 
home and receive credit. Because of this, the assignment will not be available until the start of your lab 
time. If you get the assignment from another student in an earlier lab you will A.) have committed and 
academic honesty infraction and B.) likely have completed different assignment than the assignment 
given to your lab section. If you show up to the lab and instantly submit the assignment, then the only