# kplis59883fall2017.pdf - 8

Academic Integrity:
Unless specifically assigned as a group assignment, all work for this course must be completed on your 
own. It is acceptable to discuss topics you do not understand with other students in the class, but do not 
discuss the specifics of any assignment or share assignments. Any specific questions regarding the 
assignment should be directed to the instructor.
As members of the Clemson University community, we have inherited Thomas Green Clemson’s vision 
of this institution as a “high seminary of learning.” Fundamental to this vision is a mutual commitment 
to truthfulness, honor, and responsibility, without which we cannot earn the trust and respect of others. 
Furthermore, we recognize that academic dishonesty detracts from the value of a Clemson degree. 
Therefore, we shall not tolerate lying, cheating, or stealing in any form.
University policy requires that I report any possible Academic Integrity infractions to the university. I am 
not allowed to handle any issues on my own. Once the issue has been reported, the university handles 
the whole process from there. This protects the students from any unfair treatment at the hands of a 
biased instructor, and protects the instructor and the university from claims of unfair treatment. While it 
is an effective process, it is an unpleasant process that takes several weeks to resolve. The University 
also sets guidelines for punishment. For a first offense the punishment ranges from a 0 on the 
assignment, to failing the course, depending on the severity of the infraction. For a second infraction, 
the student automatically fails the course and is recommend for expulsion. From a risk vs. reward 
perspective, it is absolutely not worth getting caught. It can be tempting to think that since students 
were all given the same assignment, that we will see very similar submissions. The truth is that there is
far more variation than anyone expects, and similar submissions stand out.