# kplis59883fall2017.pdf - 2

You may find the following references helpful.
Online Java tutorials: http://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/index.html
Online Java libraries API: http://download.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/
B. Kjell, Intro to Computer Science using Java: 
http://chortle.ccsu.edu/cs151/cs151java.html
C.S. Horstmann, Big Java Late Objects, John Wiley and Sons, 2012
J. Bloch, Effective Java, 2nd ed., Prentice Hall, 2008
iClicker REEF:
We will be using Reef to track attendance and to take in class quizzes. You are required to have Reef
installed on a smart phone, tablet or laptop that you will bring with you to class. Reef is a separate 
system than the old plastic clickers, so do not go buy a clicker. Clemson University is currently part of a 
Beta test for Reef, which means that you will be given an access code free of charge for this semester. If 
you have an access code from another class, you will not need to use a new access code.
Attendance:
Attendance is not recorded for a grade; however, there may be assignments or unannounced quizzes 
that must be completed in class. If you are not in class, you will not be able to complete the assignment. 
So while there is no place in the gradebook marked “Attendance” missing class will have a negative Page 3
impact on your final grade. Attendance will still be taken in each class through Reef. Again, this 
attendance will not factor into your grade, it is just for my records. In the event that a student fails a 
course I need to report details regarding that student’s attendance to the school. Also there is a push to 
crack down on student loan fraud, so I am required to take attendance. You do not need to notify me 
about absences unless there is an exam or quiz on that date, or if you want to ask about any 
assignments or what topics you will miss.
If you will be missing class for any reason and you let me know before hand, you may be able to make