# kplis59883fall2017.pdf - 0

Page 1
CPSC 2150 – Software Development Foundations
Spring 2017
M,W 10:10 – 11:00 am
Room: McAdams 119
Section 001
Instructor: Kevin Plis Phone: (864) 656-5578
Email: kplis@clemson.edu Office: McAdams 214
Office Hours: M, Th 2:30 – 3:20, F 11:10 – 12:00 or by appointment
Contacting Your Instructor
The best way to contact me is through email. The number listed is for the phone in my office, and 
requires me to be in my office to answer it. I can see and respond to email anywhere. I do my best to 
respond to emails within 24 hours. I have over 150 students each semester and I will respond to emails 
in the order that they come in, so do not expect an immediate response especially during high volume 
times (i.e. the night before an assignment is due).
Office hours are a great time to come get help or ask questions. You do not need to make an 
appointment to come to office hours, you can just show up. Office hours are first come, first serve. If 
office hours do not work for you, you can make an appointment to meet with me at another time that 
works for both of us. Please do not show up at my office unannounced outside of office hours. I will 
often be in my office working on something (grading, preparing lecture slides, creating exams and 
assignments etc.). By showing up unannounced, you put me in an awkward position to either say no to 
your request for help, or spend time that I had allotted for another task helping you, and throw off my 
schedule for the day. 
I also request that when you come to me for help, you have specific questions prepared. Office hours or 
meetings with me are not a time for you to work on the assignment in my office. Vague emails about 
needing help will receive a response asking for specific questions, and given the delays that can occur 
with emails that exchange can take quite some time, leaving you less time to complete your assignment.