# kplis59883fall2017.pdf - 9

were all given the same assignment, that we will see very similar submissions. The truth is that there is
far more variation than anyone expects, and similar submissions stand out.
Accessibility:
Clemson University values the diversity of our student body as a strength and a critical component of 
our dynamic community. Students with disabilities or temporary injuries/conditions may require 
accommodations due to barriers in the structure of facilities, course design, technology used for 
curricular purposes, or other campus resources. Students who experience a barrier to full access to this 
class should let the professor know, and make an appointment to meet with a staff member in Student 
Accessibility Services as soon as possible. You can make an appointment by calling 864-656-6848, by 
emailing studentaccess@lists.clemson.edu, or by visiting Suite 239 in the Academic Success Center 
building. Appointments are strongly encouraged – drop-ins will be seen if at all possible, but there could 
be a significant wait due to scheduled appointments. Students who receive Academic Access Letters are 
strongly encouraged to request, obtain and present these to their professors as early in the semester as 
possible so that accommodations can be made in a timely manner. It is the student’s responsibility to Page 7
follow this process each semester. You can access further information here:
http://www.clemson.edu/campus-life/campus-services/sds/.
If you need any special accommodations due to accessibility issues, please visit Student Accessibility 
Services as soon as possible. You do not need to inform me of the reason that you need 
accommodations, you will work that out with someone at Student Accessibility Services, and they will 
instruct you and I on how we can properly accommodate you. They know how to arrange all of that far 
better than I do, so talk to them first. If you need to use the test proctoring center for exams, you need