# kplis59883fall2017.pdf - 5

given to your lab section. If you show up to the lab and instantly submit the assignment, then the only 
explanation is that you were given the assignment by a student from an earlier lab.
Unfortunately, there is no good way to allow students to make up a lab assignment that they miss. Lab 
space is limited, and the time of the TA/Instructor is even more limited. We simply don’t have the time 
to sit down with students individually so they can complete the assignment. Allowing a student to 
complete the assignment outside of the lab environment and opens up potential for a student to cheat 
on the assignment, or to have more time to complete the assignment than other students. Neither is 
acceptable. If you know that you will need to miss a lab, let me know as soon as possible. It may be 
possible for you to attend another section of the lab on a different day. To allow for normal illnesses and 
misses, at the end of the semester the lowest lab grade will be dropped. Any further adjustments based 
on individual circumstances will be considered at the instructor’s discretion.
Lab assignments will be worth 10% of your final grade.
Lab Exam
During the last lab meeting you will be given a Lab Exam. The Lab Exam will be one or more 
programming prompts that you will need to complete on your own. Unlike a normal lab, the TA will only 
be able to answer clarifying questions about what the prompt is asking you to do, and not actually help 
you complete the assignment. You will not be able to use any class notes or outside sources during the 
lab exam. The lab exam will be worth 5% of your final grade.
Homework Assignments:
There will be several homework assignments given throughout the semester, about 4 or 5 is the current 
plan. These assignments will normally be a programming assignment that you will complete on your 
own. Even though we will be using the IntelliJ IDE in the course, you will be required to turn in code that