# Razi-4820-s22.pdf - 8

provided by the instructor by the students can also offer a project topic. Projects can be individual,
or team based. The best choice would be a team of undergraduate students led by a graduate 
student to work on a problem related to the role of AI in unmanned vehicles. Each team will offer 3 
deliverables, including a 5-page final report, a 15-minute presentation, and the developed source 
code. More details and time-plan will be provided in the class.
We will make arrangements that all teams present in regular class time, but we may also need to set 
up extra make-up sessions for presentations. Attendance beyond regular class times, if happens, will 
be optional. More details about the expectation, timeline, evaluation will be provided in the class. 
Journal Club
Journal club is a mandatory activity for graduates and an optional activity for undergraduates. The 
process is easy. The instructor will provide one or a few papers for each JC member, and the JC 
member is expected to read the paper and make a presentation for the class. The paper will be related 
to the applications of AI, deep learning, control theory, sensing, and networking in developing AV 
systems and networks. In addition to the topics (papers) provided by the instructor, students are 
welcomed [and indeed encouraged] to select their own topic (paper) for presentation. It is very 
important that the students make their own presentations. The presenter is encouraged to provide a 
summary of the paper along with his/her own ideas, criticisms, and thoughts on the topic. 
Demonstrations, programming, and using simulators to create real-world examples, are not necessary 
but are strongly recommended. 
The evaluation will be based on the instructor’s observation as well as the student feedback, according 
to an evaluation sheet to be shared with the students. Every JC member will have at least a week to 
work on the topic.
Grading Differences Between 4000 and 6000