# Razi-4820-s22.pdf - 7

assigned during the class and the submission will be either online or in-person, depending on the 
quiz type, and students’ preference. We will have individual and group quizzes. The individual quiz 
content will be mainly from topics covered in the last few sessions. However, group quizzes may 
include questions from the content covered in the same session. The questions will help me gauge 
the learning progress of students in the class and will help you deepen your grasp of the class 
lectures by team work, and understand the areas on which you need to work more. Take-home 
quizzes will be assigned at the end of lectures and must be submitted by the assigned deadline, 
which will be in a few days. No quizzes will be accepted after the deadline. Each quiz will typically 
consist of multiple questions and will be graded on a 100 scale. 
The final quiz average will be computed by averaging the student's quiz scores except the one with 
the lowest grade. 
Midterm Exams
We will have two in-class exams to be taken in Early-March and Mid-April. The exact dates will be 
announced at least 1 week ahead of time. The exam will cover material from all lectures, quizzes, 
and programming assignments covered by the exam date. The exams will consist of a mix of short 
answer, problem solving, and essay-style questions. The exams may have In-class and Take-Home 
parts. A programming part may be included in a take-home part. The exam will be taken in-person.
Final Exam 
There won’t be a final exam in this class. Page 7
 CPSC 4820/6820 Syllabus Spring 2022
Instructor: A. Razi 7
Term Project
Term project is part of the mandatory activity in this class and replaces the final exam. Terms project 
will be similar to the programming assignments with some more aspects to it. Sample topics will be 
provided by the instructor by the students can also offer a project topic. Projects can be individual,