# Razi-4820-s22.pdf - 10

refuses to wear an approved face covering without valid documented accommodation, the 
instructor will ask the student to leave the academic space and may report the student’s actions to 
the Office of Community & Ethical Standards as a violation of the Student Code of Conduct.
Policies 
Attendance 
Roll will be taken for the first one or two weeks while the class roll fluctuates. Attendance is 
mandatory and it (along with class discussions and activities) will account for 5% of your final points. 
We will also have in-class quizzes, so you will lose points if you skip a class. Absence, excused or not, 
does not change the responsibility for assigned work. The course staff strives for a lively and 
inclusive course, encouraging active, informed participation in classroom and Canvas discussions, 
quiz and homework reviews. If you can not attend a class, please submit the absence form at least 
24 hours before the class.
Class Cancellation 
Students are expected to wait for 15 minutes after the beginning of class before leaving if the 
instructor is late. 
Assignment Late Policy 
No late submission will be accepted for assignments, and take-home quizzes. Under emergency 
conditions, the instructor may approve your late submission, and even in this case, a late penalty of 
5% of total points will be applied for each of the first five days that an assignment is submitted late. 
All extension requests should be submitted before the deadline.
Re-Grade Requests 
A student may request a regrade of an assignment within 3 days of the assignment feedback being 
returned or posted. For a re-grade request, a student should email their course instructor with a 
detailed justification for the re-grade. Please note your lecture instructor or TA will regrade your 
entire assignment. Thus, your re-grade could result in a higher or lower grade. 
Academic Integrity
As members of the Clemson University community, we have inherited Thomas Green Clemson’s