# Razi-4820-s22.pdf - 6

D 60% – 70%
F 0% – 60%
The instructor may adjust grades upward based on class participation, extra credit, etc.Page 6
 CPSC 4820/6820 Syllabus Spring 2022
Instructor: A. Razi 6
Assignments 
Assignments will be the combination of conceptual questions, problem solving, and programming in 
Python (or MATLAB). Some programming assignments are centered around an application, and will 
help you deepen your understanding of the theoretical concepts covered in class. Only online 
submissions for programming assignments are permitted.
The deadlines are strict, and no project will be accepted after the due date. Under emergency cases 
with strong personal excuse, the instructor may accept a late submission after receiving the 
student’s request prior to deadline. These decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis, so I 
encourage you submit your request a head of time. If the student provides a legitimate excuse and 
the instructor approves a late submission, a late penalty of 5% per day until 5 days will be incurred. 
To be on time, I encourage you to submit the work a few hours before the deadline, so you don’t 
run into last-minute problems. 
All assignments are individual, unless the instructor explicitly allows the teamwork (work in pair). It 
is ok to share your thoughts and initiate discussions in canvas, discord, and class sessions, but 
ultimately you must work by yourself and submit your own answers. Any copy and plagiarism will 
face severe consequences. 
The assignments will be graded on a 100-point scale. For teamwork, both students will receive the 
same points. The final programming assignment average will be computed by averaging the 
student’s assignment scores, excluding one assignment with the lowest grade. 
Quiz 
We will have in-class and take-home quizzes, with and without prior notice. In-class quizzes will be 
assigned during the class and the submission will be either online or in-person, depending on the