# Razi-4820-s22.pdf - 2

attendance. The situation may change in the beginning of the semester or even during the semester 
due to the Covid-19 conditions, but here is the current plan. The course will follow a blended model 
that will involve both synchronous lectures, as well as flipped lectures. In particular, the course will 
be delivered in the following modes: 
− In-person attendance: This is the primary and preferred attendance mode. All students are 
expected to attend the class in person. The only exception will be students who are in the 
Zucker and ORD campuses and those who have critical medical and personal conditions.
Students with critical medical or personal conditions should request for the instructor’s 
approval for online attendance (through Zoom). Attendance is mandatory and will be part of 
the grading, as you see below. We also will have plenty of in-class quizzes with and without 
prior notice, and you would need to attend the class to earn quiz points. 
− Real-time (synchronous) mode: The class will also be offered real-time through Zoom. 
Students with special conditions who are not able to make the in-person attendance and 
have the instructor’s approval will attend the Zoom meetings.
− Recorded lectures: The class lectures will be posted in the same day or one day after the 
class on Canvas or Ensemble systems, mostly for students who missed the real-time 
attendance.
− Flipped classroom: Occasionally pre-recorded lectures will be posted the same day or the 
day before the class on Canvas, with additional engagement during the day of the class in
terms of brief Q&As, online quizzes, discussion, etc. This choice will be used occasionally, or 
if the school goes to fully online mode due to the COVID pandemic.Page 3
 CPSC 4820/6820 Syllabus Spring 2022
Instructor: A. Razi 3
− Extra Material: Extra reading material like lectures, tutorials, reading material, solutions to