# Razi-4820-s22.pdf - 11

entire assignment. Thus, your re-grade could result in a higher or lower grade. 
Academic Integrity
As members of the Clemson University community, we have inherited Thomas Green Clemson’s 
vision of this institution as a “high seminary of learning”. Fundamental to this vision is a mutual Page 9
 CPSC 4820/6820 Syllabus Spring 2022
Instructor: A. Razi 9
commitment to truthfulness, honor, and responsibility, without which we cannot earn the trust and 
respect of others. Furthermore, we recognize that academic dishonesty detracts from the value of a 
Clemson degree. Therefore, we shall not tolerate lying, cheating, or stealing in any form. In 
instances where academic standards may have been compromised, Clemson University has a 
responsibility to respond appropriately and expeditiously to charges of violations of academic 
integrity. 
Accessibility Statement 
Clemson University values the diversity of our student body as a strength and a critical component 
of our dynamic community. Students with disabilities or temporary injuries/conditions may require 
accommodations due to barriers in the structure of facilities, course design, technology used for 
curricular purposes, or other campus resources. Students who experience a barrier to full access to a 
class should let the professor know, and make an appointment to meet with a staff member in 
Student Accessibility Services as soon as possible. You can make an appointment by calling 864-656-
6848 or by emailing studentaccess@lists.clemson.edu. Students who receive Academic Access 
Letters are strongly encouraged to request, obtain and present these to their professors as early in 
the semester as possible so that accommodations can be made in a timely manner. It is the 
student’s responsibility to follow this process each semester. You can access further information 
here at http://www.clemson.edu/campus-life/campus-services/sds/ . 
Non-Discrimination Policy