# Razi-4820-s22.pdf - 1

each topic, to make the course usable by students from different disciplines such as CS, EE, CE, ME.Page 2
 CPSC 4820/6820 Syllabus Spring 2022
Instructor: A. Razi 2
In addition to class-based lectures and regular assignments, part of the class will be devoted to 
literature review and presentation, in-class discussions and working with simulators and tools useful 
for AVs. The assignments will be the combination of conceptual questions, problem-solving, and 
programming assignments.
Learning Objectives 
The main goal of the course is to expose students to the fundamental concepts, algorithms, and 
tools that are used for unmanned vehicles. The students will gain expertise in developing machine 
learning, AI, computer vision, and networking protocols that are particularly useful to design, 
operate, and monitor unmanned aerial and ground vehicles. No prior experience of working with 
AVs is necessary. Although prior knowledge about AI and machine learning would be advantageous 
and is highly recommended, we will review basics of each concept before exploring their application 
to AVs, to make the course usable by a broader range of students. 
By the end of the semester, the students are expected to be able to design algorithms and tools that 
can be useful for different aspects of AVs including perception, control, networking, and analysis. 
You will become familiar with the current research problems in AVs and related area. The student 
will get familiar with online tools and datasets, and will gain expertise to conduct research in this 
area. You will develop skills and knowledge to use virtual simulators to model traffic flow and 
simulate AV behavior under different situations. 
Course Delivery 
We will follow the University Policy, Regulations, and Guidelines for the course delivery and student 
attendance. The situation may change in the beginning of the semester or even during the semester