# Razi-4820-s22.pdf - 9

to an evaluation sheet to be shared with the students. Every JC member will have at least a week to 
work on the topic.
Grading Differences Between 4000 and 6000
Graduate students at the 6000 level may have been asked to complete more question and problems 
from advanced material in assignments, quizzes and exams. These questions will reward extra points 
for undergraduate student who enrolled in the 4000 level session. Note that I expect that all 
graduate students are enrolled in 6000-level session, and all undergraduate students are enrolled in 
4000-level session. If it is not the case for you, please inform me and we may need you to switch the 
session.
COVID-19 related information 
Notification of Absence 
For a student who reports testing positive for COVID-19 or is being asked to quarantine/isolate 
because of exposure to the virus, it will be up to the student to inform the instructor. Students are 
directed to use the Notification of Absence module in Canvas to initiate this notification. Additional 
communication via email is encouraged; students should follow up with their instructor to develop a Page 8
 CPSC 4820/6820 Syllabus Spring 2022
Instructor: A. Razi 8
continued plan of study for each course. The instructor and the students will follow the CDC 
guidelines and the university policy.
Use of Masks for In-Person Classes 
Students physically present in class will be encouraged (required if that would be the university 
policy) to wear a face mask during lectures. Please be familiar with the additional information on the 
Healthy Clemson website (https://www.clemson.edu/covid-19/ ), such as the use of disinfectant 
wipes for in-person classes. If the mask is required, and a student does not have a face covering or 
refuses to wear an approved face covering without valid documented accommodation, the 
instructor will ask the student to leave the academic space and may report the student’s actions to