# rlowe59876fall2017.pdf - 4

available weekly in the Academic Success Center Building! For details on policies, scheduled times, and 
locations, please see the ASC website at www.clemson.edu/asc. 
Disability Access: Clemson University values the diversity of our student body as a strength and a critical 
component of our dynamic community. Students with disabilities or temporary injuries/conditions may 
require accommodations due to barriers in the structure of facilities, course design, technology used for 
curricular purposes, or other campus resources. Students who experience a barrier to full access to this 
class should let the professor know, and make an appointment to meet with a staff member in Student 
Accessibility Services as soon as possible. You can make an appointment by calling 864-656-6848, by 
emailing studentaccess@lists.clemson.edu, or by visiting Suite 239 in the Academic Success Center 
building. Appointments are strongly encouraged - drop-ins will be seen if at all possible, but there could 
be a significant wait due to scheduled appointments. Students who receive Academic Access Letters are 
strongly encouraged to request, obtain and present these to their professors as early in the semester as 
possible so that accommodations can be made in a timely manner. It is the student's responsibility to 
follow this process each semester. You can access further information here: 
 http://www.clemson.edu/campus-life/campus-services/sds/. 
Title IX (Sexual Harassment) statement: Clemson University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity 
for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, 
gender, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability, veteran's status, genetic information or protected 
activity (e.g., opposition to prohibited discrimination or participation in any complaint process, etc.) in 
employment, educational programs and activities, admissions and financial aid. This includes a