# rlowe59876fall2017.pdf - 1

Pearson (Recommended) 
Section Time Location Instructor Email
001 WF 8:00 – 8:50 am McAdams 110D Stephen Wassynger
Ethan Cook
swassyn.at.clemson.edu
creigh3.at.clemson.edu
002 WF 9:05 – 9:55 am McAdams 110D Stephen Wassynger
Ethan Cook
swassyn.at.clemson.edu
creigh3.at.clemson.eduPage 2
 Arnold Robbins, Unix in a Nutshell: 4th edition, O'Reilly (Recommended)
Labs
CPSC 1701 Labs will begin the week of January 
The lab is required for this course. The labs are available via Canvas. The lab instructors will set the 
guidelines for the lab and will assign the lab grade. If you have a problem with anything related to the labs,
see your lab TA first. 
Policies and Procedures
1. Attendance: Regular attendance is expected. Studies have found that the single most important factor that 
contributes to success in a course is class attendance. We will cover A LOT OF material in class that is not 
in the texts. If you miss class you are responsible for any material that you miss that day. 
If you miss a quiz, exam, or other graded work, without a valid excuse, a grade of zero will be assigned. 
Other options will be considered if there is a valid excuse. 
If I have not made it to class within 10 minutes after the class has begun, the class is dismissed (and I 
apologize). 
2. Cancelled Class: Any exam that was scheduled at the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather 
will be given at the next class meeting, unless contacted by the instructor. Any assignments due at the time 
of a class cancellation due to inclement weather will be due at the next class meeting, unless contacted by 
the instructor. Whenever possible, the instructor will notifiy you of any extension or postponement of 
assignments or exams via email or Canvas within 24 hours of the weather related cancellation.
3. Quizzes: There will be several quizzes given this semester. There will be no make-up quizzes. The lowest