# rlowe59876fall2017.pdf - 2

3. Quizzes: There will be several quizzes given this semester. There will be no make-up quizzes. The lowest 
quiz grade will be dropped. Quizzes will generally be announced in class; however, there may be some 
unannounced quizzes. 
4. Exams: There will be three hourly exams and a comprehensive final exam. Exams will include material 
from the lecture component of the class and the lab component. A grade of zero will be given for students 
who miss the exam due to tardiness or an unexcused absence. Note: Once at least one student has 
completed the exam and left the class, no more late exams will be issued. 
5. Assignments: There will be several programming assignments given during the semester. Assignments 
will be posted on the instructor's web page, generally with notification by email; however, check the 
assignments link and the schedule regularly for postings. 
You are expected to submit all assignments by 11:59 pm of the due date. I realize this is not always 
possible; therefore, you will be granted one "late day" pass that allows you to submit one assignment 24 
hours late without penalty. Subsequent late assignments will not be graded and will result in a grade of zero
for the assignment. If an assignment is only partially completed, you should submit what you have by the 
deadline. 
6. Grade Disputes: Scores for graded work will be posted in Canvas. Any questions or disputes concerning 
quizzes, exams, or programs, must be emailed to the instructor, with justifications, within one week of the 
date the graded work is posted/returned; otherwise, grades are final. Note that the instructor reserves 
the right to re-grade the entire submitted work.
7. Academic Integrity: Unless otherwise stated explicitly in an assignment, each student must work 
independently on assignments and labs. You may not use assignments or sample solutions from previous