# rlowe59876fall2017.pdf - 3

independently on assignments and labs. You may not use assignments or sample solutions from previous 
semesters as a resource. The Univeristy Policy on academic integrity applies for this course. 
"As members of the Clemson University community, we have inherited Thomas Green Clemson's vision of 
this institution as a "high seminary of learning." Fundamental to this vision is a mutual commitment to Page 3
truthfulness, honor, and responsibility, without which we cannot earn the trust and respect of others. 
Furthermore, we recognize that academic dishonesty detracts from the value of a Clemson degree. 
Therefore, we shall not tolerate lying, cheating, or stealing in any form." 
Each student is responsible for protecting his or her files from others. Any evidence of cheating will result 
in a grade of -100 for all students involved. If you are in doubt about the type of help you may give or 
receive on an assignment, ASK! 
8. Communication: Communication with the instructor by email is encouraged. Always include your name 
and the course number in the subject or body of the email. 
Opportunities for Academic Assistance: If you encounter problems or difficulty with this course, there are places 
that you can go to get help and assistance. 
1. Speak to your professor or lab instructor about the difficulty you are having. Many times a brief discussion 
will clarify things enough to get you back on track. 
2. If you are having recurring or consistent problems with the course content, you may also go to the 
Academic Support Center (ASC) and take advantage of the tutoring and supplemental instruction 
opportunities they offer on a regular basis. Please note that tutoring should be used to discuss course 
materials and ask questions but not as a replacement for class or office hours. Drop-in sessions will be 
available weekly in the Academic Success Center Building! For details on policies, scheduled times, and