# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 13

to be submitted twice, as this is not realistic for professional work. You need to become competent in
assessing your own work to determine if it meets specifications and is of high-enough quality.
Each student will receive six tokens that can be used to resubmit an assignment. The cost to resubmit
an assignment in a given assignment category increases by 1 token for each resubmission used in that
category. The five assignment categories are: 1) individual design projects, 2) concept area activity sets,
3) group project assignments, 4) critical evaluations of a VR artifact, and 5) literature reviews. Once an
assignment has been resubmitted, it cannot be resubmitted again.
Students may also spend one of their six tokens to submit an assignment late. One token spent adds
three days to the submission deadline. You must notify the TA prior to the submission deadline in order
to receive an extension.
Specifics concerning resubmissions in each of the five assignment categories are provided below:
Individual design projects: students may resubmit an individual design project within 1 week of
when grades are released for the assignment.
Concept area activity sets: students may resubmit a concept area activity set within 1 week of
when grades are released for the assignment.
Group project assignments:
students may resubmit their design document within 1 week of when grades are released for the
assignment. As this is a group activity, all students must spend a token to resubmit this
assignment. Additionally, this assignment will not increase the cost of future resubmissions in this
category
students may spend tokens to have their goals from a previous client meeting reassessed during
the next client review meeting. This reassessment will take into account the demonstration during
the next review meeting, feedback from peer assessments, and your weekly development log.