# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 3

Succeeding in this class will require you to master the fundamentals of how HMDs are designed, and
how VR applications can be created using the Unity game engine. Each component of this course is
designed to support you as you grow in your knowledge of these concepts. While the assigned videos
and lectures are an important part of your learning, don't overlook other opportunities including class
discussions, interacting with your project group, engagement with the Unity programming assignments
and activity sets, and asking us questions during office hours. Learning is most durable when it is
gradual; space out your interactions with the course material rather than cramming it right before an
assignment is due. Similarly, start on programming projects early whenever possible. This gives you
time to come to us if you run into problems while completing the projects.
Zoom Meeting Guidelines:
As a common courtesy to your peers in the class, please refrain from distracting behavior during Zoom
meetings. This includes:
Keep your microphone muted unless asking a question or otherwise contributing to the discussion
Stay focused on the assigned material when in breakout sessions
Refrain from offtopic discussions in the meeting chat
Avoid using Zoom features in a way that may distract other students
If you share video or your screen, make sure that all content shown is appropriate for a professional
setting, and that it does not distract other students from the course material
Please ask questions in Zoom chat or use the raise hand feature in Zoom. If the instructor does not
notice you have asked a question, feel free to unmute yourself and interject at an appropriate moment.
Course Content Outline:
Dates Topics Notes
1/13/2022 Course IntroductionPage 4
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 4/27
1/18/2022 Introduction to VR