# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 1

prior to enrolling in the class.
This course is heavily project-oriented. Students will be divided into small groups, each of which will
create its own VR application. Projects will be developed using the Unity 3D game engine. Students willPage 2
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 2/27
ideally use VR equipment to develop their projects. However, as not all students may have access to VR
equipment during the COVID-19 pandemic, students may also use the VR simulator provided by Unity
for their projects.
Learning Outcomes:
Students who successfully complete this course will be able to:
Critically evaluate virtual reality systems and experiences
Apply virtual reality principles to design applications that address specific needs or problems
Design, implement, and evaluate VR applications using the Unity game engine
Work individually and as part of a team to design, implement, and present VR projects
Prerequisites
It is strongly recommended that all students have some familiarity with programming prior to taking this
course. If you are a student outside of the School of Computing, contact me if you have any concerns
about your ability to succeed in the class.
What to expect
COVID-19 Environment
Due to COVID-19, this course will be offered both in-person and synchronously via Zoom, as well as
through asynchronous recordings of class meetings. Classes can be accessed using the Zoom link on
Canvas. Office hours will be held using Zoom and can be accessed at the same location as the class
videos. All times are given as EST.
Per current University policy, all students are required to wear masks during classes. The adoption of
basic public health measures is entirely consistent with the exemplary role we embody as academics.
This includes:
Getting the vaccine if you have the opportunity