# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 8

to reattempt failed work are also incorporated so as to reduce the stress associated with each
assignment and to allow students to make and learn from mistakes.
Establishing your grade
Each letter grade has a set of criteria you must meet in order to earn that grade. In order to earn the
highest grade, you must complete all criteria satisfactorily. Lower grades give you flexibility in terms of
what exactly you choose to focus on in the course. The criteria associated with each letter grade are
shown in the diagram below. In order to receive a specific grade, all criteria associated with that grade
must be met. Failing even one of the criteria will prevent a student from earning that grade. Graduate
students must complete the same requirements as undergraduates, with the inclusion of an additional
criteria. The specific criteria listed here are explained in more detail below.Page 8
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 8/27
Criteria Assessment
Each assignment will include a detailed grading specification and will be graded as Pass, No Pass, or
Not Yet. A grade of Pass will be awarded to assignments that meet the following criteria
Correctness: Any software or documents you create should be free from all but minor errors. Any
error that detracts from the purpose of the document or major functionality of the software will be
seen as lacking and will not earn a Pass.
Professionalism: Any software or documents you create should be professionally formatted and
presented. This includes, but is not limited to:
Formatting: All documents should use a clean, professional format that is easy to follow.
Language: Professional language should be used at all times, including grammar, sentence
structure, and clarity of thought.
Care and Detail: As Clemson students, we expect a level of attention to detail and pride in the work