# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 11

After meeting with your "client persona" in the third week of class, you will need to complete six
assignments to satisfy the requirements for your group project:
1. A project design document
2. First client review meeting
3. Second client review meeting
4. Third client review meeting
5. Final deliverables
6. User evaluation
More details about each of the above assignments will be released as the semester progresses.
Students are expected to demonstrate how they meaningfully contributed to their group project during
each of the above assignments. This will be assessed through several means, including 1) a weekly
development log documenting your contributions to the project during the week, 2) peer-review feedback
solicited after each review meeting, and 3) conversations and demonstrations during each of the review
meetings.
Students are allowed to use resources they did not create in their project, so long as they have legal
access to these resources and proper attribution is provided in the final report. This is intended to allow
students to use free and/or paid assets from Unity's asset store to facilitate their projects, not to replace
student development efforts. These resources must be used by students to create an original project,
rather than comprising the entirety of a group's submission.
Critical Evaluation of a VR artifact
To receive the highest grade possible in the course, students must complete a critical evaluation of a
"VR artifact". In this assignment, students will be provided with a VR artifact designed by me and the TA
that demonstrates both good and bad practices. Your responsibility is to evaluate the artifact, identify its
strengths and shortcomings, and create effective modifications to improve the program. More detail
about the critical evaluations will be provided as the semester progresses.
Literature Reviews
Students enrolled in the graduate section of the course are expected to complete one or more literature