# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 16

https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 13/27
details).
Assignments and Class Cancellation:
Any assignments due in class at the time of a class cancellation will be due at the next class meeting
unless contacted by the instructor. Assignments that are due online outside of class will not be extended
unless otherwise notified by the instructor. Any extension or postponement of assignments or exams
must be granted by the instructor via email or Canvas within 24 hours.
Honor Code & Collaboration:
Students are encouraged to discuss course concepts and programming questions with each other (both
within groups and between groups), but all written assignments and exercises must be completed
individually (unless they are part of the group project). If you reuse code or art assets in your project, you
must include attribution.
Administrative Policies
Attendance:
Attendance is not required, but is strongly encouraged, as much of your learning in this course will
come from dialog with myself and with your fellow students during the lectures, discussions, and
activities.
Instructor Late to Class:
Should the instructor ever be late to class (which is not expected to happen!), students are expected to
wait 15 minutes after the class was scheduled to start before leaving.
Incompletes:
Incompletes will not be granted unless previously agreed to by me. To be considered for an incomplete,
the student must 1) let me know in advance that they are seeking an incomplete, and 2) provide
documentation to support the request.
Per the Undergraduate Class Regulations:
An incomplete indicates that a relatively small part of the semester’s work remains undone. It is not
intended for students who are failing a course otherwise. In the event that an Incomplete is
appropriate, students will contact instructors in a timely manner so that instructors can provide a