# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 9

structure, and clarity of thought.
Care and Detail: As Clemson students, we expect a level of attention to detail and pride in the work
you create. Any work that is seen as "rushed" or otherwise sloppy in some regard, will not earn
a PassPage 9
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 9/27
a Pass.
A grade of Not Yet will be awarded only in the event that an assignment meets all of the above criteria
except for some minor aspects that can be fixed with minor effort on the part of the student. In this case,
the student will be allowed to update and resubmit a corrected assignment for regrading. Should the
resubmission meet all of the above criteria, a Pass will be awarded. However, if the resubmission does
not adequately address the shortcomings of the original submission, a No Pass will be awarded.
Individual Design Projects
Five individual design projects will be assigned throughout the semester. The projects focus in on
specific aspects of developing VR applications using Unity. The five design projects will be focused on:
Creating a basic VR application
Working with physics, collisions, and navmeshes
Creating locomotion and interaction systems
Improving the realism of your applications using appropriate texturing, lighting, and user interfaces
Adding sound and haptics to your applications
More details about these individual design projects will be released as the semester progresses.
Individual design projects will be assessed based on whether they satisfy all of the included
requirements for the assignment.
Demonstrating Mastery of Concept Areas
The theoretical content of this course is divided into three concept areas:
1. User Experience Design for VR
2. Optical Properties of VR Head-Mounted Displays
3. Tracking Systems for VR
Upon completion of a concept area, students will be assigned an activity set to be completed out of