# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 10

2. Optical Properties of VR Head-Mounted Displays
3. Tracking Systems for VR
Upon completion of a concept area, students will be assigned an activity set to be completed out of
class. Mastery of the concept area will be assessed based on the successful completion of these activity
sets. Activity sets may include a range of different problems, including design scenarios, practical
demonstrations, and knowledge synthesis.
Students are allowed to use all resources available to them while completing these activity sets.
However, they must be completed alone without the help of another person. While the Internet is a valid
resource that can be of help, the problems assigned here require a level of engagement with the
material that goes beyond most readily available websites. As such, simplistic solutions sourced from
online sources will likely fail the Care and Detail criteria specified above.
Group Projects
Students will work together in groups to develop applications for a "client". In this case, the client will be
me and your TA. We have generated several personas typifying clients with different needs that can be
addressed using VR. Students may choose which client persona they wish to work with during thePage 10
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 10/27
semester. Groups will be assigned based on which students are interested in which client persona.
Several groups may work with the same client persona, should there be sufficient interest. Students may
not be assigned to their first choice of client persona if there is not sufficient interest from other students
to constitute a full project group (typically 3 or 4 students).
After meeting with your "client persona" in the third week of class, you will need to complete six
assignments to satisfy the requirements for your group project:
1. A project design document