# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 12

Literature Reviews
Students enrolled in the graduate section of the course are expected to complete one or more literature
reviews synthesizing existing literature related to the concepts areas covered in this course. These
literature reviews are expected to be two to three pages (using standard double-spaced formatting,
references not included) and to synthesize the contents from twenty to thirty papers related to the
concept area that have been published since 2016 (the year HMDs became more widely available) YourPage 11
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 11/27
concept area that have been published since 2016 (the year HMDs became more widely available). Your
literature should be primarily focused on the results of these papers, rather than on the methods used in
them. A rare exception may be made when the methods themselves are important to understand the
results, however, this is not expected to occur frequently. More detail about the literature reviews will be
provided as the semester progresses.
Resubmission of Assignments
Due to the nature of specification grading, most students are likely to receive a grade of No Pass on one
or more assignments. The purpose of this grading system is not to penalize students, but to establish a
level of quality and competency that matches course expectations. It is up to the student to determine
which level of competency they want to work toward based on the Specification Grading Chart.
As such, the ability to revise and resubmit your work is a key component of this grading system, and all
assessments have some mechanism by which you can take the comments from the staff, improve upon
your submission, and have it reevaluated. However, it is also not realistic to simply allow all assignments
to be submitted twice, as this is not realistic for professional work. You need to become competent in