# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 15

enough time to finish the final individual design project though, so she spent 2 tokens to gain an
extra 6 days for it. She has 3 tokens remaining.
Genghis, Justinian, Catherine, and Norton did not pass their group's design document submission.
They each spend 1 token to resubmit it. Catherine also did not pass her second client review
meeting so she spent an additional token to have her work reassessed during the final client review
meeting. Genghis, Justinian, and Norton each have 5 tokens remaining and Catherine has 4 tokens
remaining.
Any assessment that is given a Not Yet does not require the use of a token for reevaluation. However, it
will not be converted to a Pass until all requested changes have been made.
Workload:
This class requires an above-average time commitment.
Late Assignments:
By default, assignments cannot be submitted late. However, as described above, students may use their
tokens to get a penalty-free extension for work when needed.
Due to the current pandemic, the instructor may waive the above late penalty in the event of
documented extenuating circumstances (e.g. internet outage, illness, family emergency). If you are
unable to submit an assignment due to extenuating circumstances, it is your responsibility to notify the
instructor of this as soon as possible and to work with him to identify a reasonable timeline for you to
complete the assignment. However, you should keep in mind that all assignments must be submitted
prior to the end of the course in order for the assignment to receive a grade. If this is not feasible, then
you should contact the instructor about the possibility of receiving an incomplete (see below for more
details)Page 13
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 13/27
details).
Assignments and Class Cancellation: