# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 17

intended for students who are failing a course otherwise. In the event that an Incomplete is
appropriate, students will contact instructors in a timely manner so that instructors can provide a
reasonable opportunity to complete remaining work. Instructors and students will work together to
resolve the Incomplete grade as soon as possible, not to exceed thirty days from the first day of
classes in the next scheduled session (excluding summer sessions and regardless of the student’s
enrollment status).
Email Policy:
You can expect a response to your email inquiries within 48 hours, excluding weekends and universityPage 14
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 14/27
p p y q , g y
holidays. If you have not received a response by then, feel free to resend your email.
Because privacy regulations stipulate that faculty and staff communicate with students through
authorized University channels, use your University email account or Canvas's messaging system to
contact me and/or the TAs.
Online Conduct:
Appropriate online academic conduct means maintaining a safe learning environment based on mutual
respect and civility. All participants in Clemson courses are expected to behave professionally by
adhering to these standards of conduct:
Never transmit or promote content known to be illegal.
Respect other people's privacy as well as your own.
Forgive other people's mistakes.
Never use harassing, threatening, embarrassing, or abusive language or actions.
Online communication that fails to meet these standards of conduct will be removed from the course.
Repeated misconduct may result in being blocked from online discussions, receiving a grade penalty, or
being dismissed from the course. Such misconduct in the online environment may also be reported to