# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 14

the next client review meeting. This reassessment will take into account the demonstration during
the next review meeting, feedback from peer assessments, and your weekly development log.
The work of other students in the same group who do not spend a token will not be reassessed
during the later review meeting (multiple students can spend tokens to have their own individualPage 12
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 12/27
during the later review meeting (multiple students can spend tokens to have their own individual
work reassessed). Students are encouraged to meet with me after a review meeting if the
shortcomings in their work are unclear to them.
final deliverables and user evaluations may be resubmitted at any point up till May 6th.
Resubmissions after this point will be unable to be regraded prior to when grades are due.
Critical Evaluations of a VR artifact: students may resubmit a critical evaluation within 1 week of
when grades are released for the assignment.
Literature Reviews: students may resubmit a literature review within 1 week of when grades are
released for the assignment.
Several examples of how tokens might be spent are provided below:
David did not initially pass one of his individual design projects and two of his concept area activity
sets. He spent 1 token to resubmit his individual design project, 1 token to resubmit his first concept
area activity set, and 2 tokens to resubmit his second concept area activity set. He has 2 tokens
remaining.
Elizabeth could not complete the final two individual design projects on time. She spent 1 token to
gain an extra 3 days to submit the fourth individual design project. Three days would not give her
enough time to finish the final individual design project though, so she spent 2 tokens to gain an
extra 6 days for it. She has 3 tokens remaining.