# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 2

basic public health measures is entirely consistent with the exemplary role we embody as academics.
This includes:
Getting the vaccine if you have the opportunity
Wearing a mask when you are indoors (and outdoors if distancing is impossible)
Respecting each others’ (extended) personal space
It also expresses a great deal of consideration for those in our community who cannot be vaccinated,
either due to their young age or preexisting conditions. As a parent of two young children (as likely are
some of your fellow students), I greatly appreciate any measures you and I can take to keep them safe.
I would be happy to talk and listen to anyone who has questions or concerns about the vaccine and/or
recommended measures such as masking. Feel free to email me and we can set up a Zoom call outside
of office hours.
What you can expect from us:Page 3
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 3/27
We will be available and helpful during all scheduled times, and during meetings scheduled
individually via email
We will respond to your emails within 48 hours, excluding weekends and university holidays
Feedback and grades will be provided in a timely manner.
What we expect from you:
Read and understand this syllabus, and refer back to it when you have questions related to how this
course is run
Engage with the material assigned prior to class
Help create an encouraging, respectful, and supportive environment for your fellow students
Contact us when you have questions about the material covered. Take advantage of office hours!
We're here to help you master this material
How to Succeed in this Class:
Succeeding in this class will require you to master the fundamentals of how HMDs are designed, and
how VR applications can be created using the Unity game engine. Each component of this course is