# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 7

(https://clemson.zoom.us/)
Any student may request an internet hotspot from Clemson. To do so, contact
ITHELP@clemson.edu (mailto:ITHELP@clemson.edu)
Grading Policies
This course uses specification grading, a points-free, competency-based assessment system that
differs from traditional points-based systems in some very important ways. Under this system, the grade
you earn in the course and the workload that you take on are a result of your choices, rather than the
outcome of a statistical calculation. It is designed to provide you with control over the grading process,
transparency as to your progress toward a course grade, and a final course grade that truly reflects your
actual mastery of course concepts. In other words, the grade you earn in the course is entirely up
to you.Page 7
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 7/27
to you.
Theory behind specification grading
Specification grading is based on the principles of adult-based learning theory, or andragogy. Andragogy
constrasts with pedagogy, which is the principles of how children learn. While pedagogy is teachercentric and focuses on imparting knowledge to young learners, andragogy is learner-centric, actively
involving the learner in the process of learning and providing them with more autonomy than we typically
associate with elementary and secondary education. Specification grading provides this by allowing
students to choose which competencies to focus on based on their desired grade in the course and by
making it very clear how exactly to achieve this goal. Assignments are graded pass/fail and the
requirements to pass are clearly stated prior to beginning the assignment. Mechanisms to allow students
to reattempt failed work are also incorporated so as to reduce the stress associated with each
assignment and to allow students to make and learn from mistakes.