# Robb-4110-s22.pdf - 0

Page 1
2/8/22, 2:47 PM Syllabus for CPSC 4110/6110 Virtual Reality Systems Spring 2022
https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/154326/assignments/syllabus 1/27
Course Syllabus
Jump to Today  Edit
Virtual Reality Systems
CPSC 4110/6110, Spring 2022
McAdams Hall 114
Instructor:
Andrew Robb, Ph.D
Email: arobb@clemson.edu
Office: McAdams Hall 122
Office Hours:
Tuesday, 2 PM
Wednesday 2 PM
Available by appointment
(email)
TA:
Jordan Payne
Email: jdpayne@clemson.edu
Office: McAdams 109
Office Hours:
Monday, 11 AM
Thursday, 3 PM
Available by appointment (email)
Course Hours:
Tuesday, 11:00 AM-12:15 PM
Thursday, 11:00 AM-12:15 PM
Class Schedule:
Jan 13th – First day of class
Mar 15th – Mar 19th – Spring
Break, no class
Apr 26nd – Last class meeting
Apr ?? - Project Demonstrations
Course Overview
Course Description:
This is an introductory course discussing the design of virtual reality (VR) hardware and systems. We
primarily focus on Head-Mounted Displays (HMDs), though much of the content is also relevant to headtracked displays (e.g. CAVEs). This course covers five broad topics: developing VR applications in the
Unity game engine, user experiences in VR, optics of HMDs, tracking systems for HMDs, and rending in
HMDs. I assume a general technical background and some familiarity with computer graphics or human
factors. In the past students from many academic backgrounds (computer science, engineering,
architecture, psychology, fine arts) have successfully taken this course. However, some sections
(especially the rendering in HMDs section) may be more challenging to students without a background in
computer science. If you are unsure if the course is appropriate to your skills you should talk with me
prior to enrolling in the class.
This course is heavily project-oriented. Students will be divided into small groups, each of which will