# Shue-4440-s22.pdf - 1

Databases
Management Tools
Cloud Architecting
Cloud Basic Knowledge
Basic Cloud Services
Designing a Cloud Environment
Making a Cloud Environment Highly Available
Automating and Decoupling Cloud Infrastructure
Designing Web-Scale Media Hosting
Well-Architected Framework
Troubleshooting
Large-Scale Design Patterns and Case Studies
Cloud Computing Individual and/or Group project
Course Components and Grading
Grades will be based on the following distribution:
Attendance, Quizzes, Labs, Homework: 10%Page 3
Midterm Exam - Cloud Foundations: 25%
Midterm Project: 10%
Lab Exam: 15%
Final Project: 15%
Final Exam - Comprehensive w/emphasis on Cloud Architecting: 25%
Much of this class is taught through hands-on exercises during the class period. Attendance and
participation in class activities is expected.
CPSC 4440: Letter grades are assigned by points earned according to the standard scale (i.e. A: 90-
100, B: 80-89, C: 70-79, D: 60-69, F: 0-59).
CPSC 6440: Graduate students will have an additional technology project, 3-page paper, or
presentation worth 10% of the grade, and the grade will be calculated on 110% as A: 99-110, B: 88-98;
C: 77-87; F 0-76.
Learning Objectives
4000-level learning outcomes: Students having taken this course should:
1. Be able to explain the tradeoffs of cloud computing and on-premise enterprise applications.
2. Identify and explain the functions of the main components of an enterprise data center and its
primary technologies.
3. Be able to identify and explain the function of core cloud computing technologies and services, such
as virtualization, computing instances, virtual private clouds, storage, database, and identity and
authentication management.
4. Be able to use online tools to build cloud computing solutions for several common application
patterns, including web-tier applications and high availability solutions for computing, database,
storage, and network systems.