# Shue-4440-s22.pdf - 2

patterns, including web-tier applications and high availability solutions for computing, database,
storage, and network systems.
5. Be able to explain the tradeoffs of block versus object storage, the storage lifecycle, and how to
select storage technologies that meet application requirements.
6. Formulate cloud solutions to several common types of application and enterprise problems.
7. Understand and analyze cost tradeoffs for different cloud architecture options.
8. Develop an implementation of a substantial cloud system solution using core services.
6000-level learning outcomes: In addition to 4000-level learning outcomes, students having taken this
course should:
1. Develop, alone or with a teammate, an implementation of a cloud system solution that uses cloud
technologies beyond the core services, analyze the tradeoffs, and explain the technology choices.
2. Make a presentation on a cloud technology beyond the core services.Page 4
Course Materials
You are required to have a laptop with you for this class.
General Laptop and Networking Requirements
Functioning webcam and microphone, if possible
Modern browser software; preferably a recent version of Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Edge, or Opera, but
NOT Internet Explorer
Reliable internet connection capable of supporting online learning activities if you are remote. If your
internet connection is unreliable, contact ithelp@clemson.edu (mailto:ithelp@clemson.edu) or visit
https://ccit.clemson.edu/support/ (https://ccit.clemson.edu/support/) and ask for assistance.
Please be sure to install a SSH client on your laptop. We will use SSH to connect to various AWS
resources.
There is no required textbook for this class. Course materials will also come from assigned and optional
readings. You are responsible for all assigned reading materials and anything presented in lectures.
The course is based on two (2) Amazon Web Services (AWS) Academy courses:
AWS Cloud Foundations (ACF)