# Shue-2920-s22.pdf - 1

Intellectual property – digital rights, open source, piracy, etc.
Information privacy – trust, public records, data mining, government, etc.
Computer and network security – hacking, malware, voting systems, etc.
Professional ethics – code of ethics, whistleblowing, etc.
Work and wealth – automation, globalization, the digital divide, etc.
Students will be required to complete assignments within a specified time frame, give oral presentations,
participate in discussions, work in small groups and write papers.
Prerequisites
ENGL 1030 - Composition and Rhetoric
Corequisites
CPSC 2921 - Computing, Ethics and Global Society Recitation
Course Components and Grading
Grades will be based on the following distribution:
Attendance, Participation, Online Discussions - 10%
Quizzes (~10) - 15%
Weekly Writing and Other Assignments (~10) - 40%
Presentation (1) - 10%
Exams (Midterm and Final) - 25%
For written work, you will be graded on spelling, grammar, style, content, and organization.
For presentations, you will be graded on style, poise, diction, content, and organization.
Attendance and participation in class activities is expected. Participation will be assessed in the 2921
recitation sections on:
Preparation for class
Listening
Quality of contributions
Frequency of participation
Impact on seminar (are you moving the discussion forward?)Page 3
Letter grades are assigned by points earned according to the standard scale (i.e. A: 90-100, B: 80-89, C:
70-79, D: 60-69, F: 0-59).
Late Work
Late assignments, exams, quizzes, discussions and presentations will not be accepted or graded.
Learning Objectives
CPSC 2920 will enable students to:
1. Describe the role of data collection for various systems and their relationship to privacy.
2. Explain the ethical responsibility of ensuring software correctness, reliability and safety.
3. Discuss the philosophical basis and rationale for the legal protection of intellectual property.