# Shue-4440-s22.pdf - 4

at the next class meeting unless contacted by the instructor.
Any exam that was scheduled at the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather, University
power outage, etc. will be given at the next class meeting unless contacted by the instructor. Any
assignments due at the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather will be due at the next
class meeting unless the instructor contacts students. Any extension or postponement of assignments or
exams must be granted by the instructor via email or Canvas within 24 hours of the weather-related
cancellation.
COVID-19 (In-Person and Hybrid Classes)
https://www.clemson.edu/covid-19/index.html (https://www.clemson.edu/covid-19/index.html)
The University will continue to work with government officials on guidance and will evaluate the
prevalence of COVID-19 in areas throughout the state to update this guidance as conditions change.
Collaboration Policy
In and out of class assignments are opportunities for learning and discovery. Collaboration between
students on assignments in this class is permitted. Collaboration includes students working together to
gain an understanding of course concepts, active discussions with the instructor and other people to
learn about course material, and other activities in which a student is actively seeking to learn and
understand the topics covered in the course.
As has always been the case, however, plagiarism is not allowed. Taking assignments from other
classmates or downloading completed papers from websites is not allowed. These are activities that are
simply meant to earn a score, not understand the course material. If you collaborate with other students
in class or use sources other than those provided for everyone in the course (e.g., instructor,
recommended textbook, the course web site, or the lectures) to help yourself learn and understand, then