# Shue-2920-s22.pdf - 7

notifications through email /www /text notification/Social Media.
When notified, use one of the following links to navigate to Clemson Canvas where you will find
important information about how we will conduct class:
Primary access link: www.clemson.edu/canvas
Secondary access link, if needed: https://clemson.instructure.com/
You can also use the Canvas Student App.
Our activities for teaching and learning will occur through our Canvas course. This includes: posting of a
Canvas module with lecture materials, assignments, and further instructions.
Changes to Syllabus
Lecture topics and assignments are subject to change. The course syllabus is a general plan for the
course; deviations to the class may be necessary and will be announced to class by the instructor.
Copyright Statement
Materials in courses should be considered to be copyrighted. They are intended for use only by students
registered and enrolled in a particular course and only for instructional activities associated with and for
the duration of the course. They may not be retained in another medium or disseminated further. They
are provided in compliance with the provisions of the Teach Act. Students must seek permission from
instructors to record any class activity, including lectures, discussions, and presentations. Students
should be reminded to refer to the Use of Copyrighted Materials and “Fair Use Guidelines” policy on the
Clemson University website for additional information (link https://clemson.libguides.com/copyright).