# Shue-2920-s22.pdf - 2

2. Explain the ethical responsibility of ensuring software correctness, reliability and safety.
3. Discuss the philosophical basis and rationale for the legal protection of intellectual property.
4. Describe the mechanisms that typically exist for a computing or technology professional to keep upto-date.
5. Identify global social, social, and environmental impacts of computer usage.
6. Describe effective presentation techniques and apply them in a presentation.
7. Define milestone legislation regarding computing and society, including the Sarbanes-Oxley and
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Acts.
CPSC 2920 fulfills Clemson’s Science and Technology in Society (STS) requirement and is open
to all majors.
Course Materials
[Required] Textbook:Ethics for the Information Age (8th Edition). Michael J. Quinn
ISBN-13: 9780135218006 (ePub)
ISBN-13: 9780135217979 (Electronic Book)Page 4
ISBN-13: 9780135217726 (Access Code Card)
ISBN-13: 9780136681595 (Paperback)
[Required] Additional readings assigned and posted on Canvas
Attendance and Inclement Weather Policy
Attendance (including online) in class is expected. You are expected to be well prepared for — and to
routinely attend — all classes except when extenuating circumstances intervene.
In-class labs can be completed outside of class, but you will not have access to the instructor for help in
that case. If you are ill or have an urgent life event, please do not attend class, but send email to the
course instructor and TA describing your situation.
If there is inclement weather, please watch for University class cancellations. If the University if not
closed but there is inclement weather, please use your good judgement in deciding if you can attend.
Send email to the course instructor and TA describing your situation. Any exam, quiz, or in-class lab
assignment that was scheduled at the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather will be given