# Shue-4440-s22.pdf - 0

Page 1
Course Syllabus
Course: CPSC 4440/6440, Cloud Computing
Architecture
Term: Spring 2022 (Section 001)
Meeting time and location:
Time: Mon & Wed 4:00-5:15pm ET
Location: McAdams Hall 114
Modality: In-Person with online synchronous (Zoom) accommodation as necessary
The Class Schedule can be found here. Be sure to check this frequently as it is
subject to change.
Instructional Staff
Professor Mitch Shue, (mshue@clemson.edu (mailto:mshue@clemson.edu) ), McAdams 226C, Phone:
703.608.5266.
Office hours: Office hours will be via Zoom and scheduled via email
Teaching Assistant (TA) - Nikhil Suresh, (nsuresh@g.clemson.edu (mailto:nsuresh@g.clemson.edu) )
Office hours: Mon and Wed, 6-7:30pm ET via Zoom. See the link by clicking Zoom in the navigation
panel.
If the instructor is late, please wait 15 minutes.
Course Description
This course covers the history and background of cloud computing, the essential technical knowledge
needed to build applications in the cloud, and the hardware and software systems for architecting a
cloud application environment. The course will utilize cloud services. Students will learn cloud computing
skills and use these skills in a project based on a real-world problem.
PrerequisitesPage 2
Students should have completed a course in Computer Networks (e.g, CPSC 3600, ECE 4380) and be
comfortable reading and modifying scripts using common scripting languages (e.g., Bash, Python, Java).
Course Topics
Business Aspects of Cloud Computing
Introduction to Cloud Computing
Using a Cloud Platform
Security and Compliance
Cloud Financials
Migrating to the Cloud
Cloud Technical Essentials
History of Cluster, Grid, and Cloud Computing
Virtualization
Infrastructure: Compute, Storage, and Networking
Security
Identity and Access Management
Databases
Management Tools
Cloud Architecting
Cloud Basic Knowledge
Basic Cloud Services
Designing a Cloud Environment
Making a Cloud Environment Highly Available