# Shue-4440-s22.pdf - 3

The course is based on two (2) Amazon Web Services (AWS) Academy courses:
AWS Cloud Foundations (ACF)
AWS Cloud Architecting (ACA)
While the content is focused on AWS, the concepts are widely applicable to other cloud providers,
including Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
We will be using materials and lab exercises found on the AWS Academy Canvas system.
Unfortunately, there is still no integration available to connect our Canvas to theirs. The student
experience is not as nice as it could be.
I have enrolled you in these classes on the AWS Academy Canvas. You will have to establish login
credentials on the AWS Academy Canvas, since there is no Clemson single sign-on (SSO)
available at this time.
You will also have access to a free AWS Academy Learner Lab which will allow you to build persistent
environments and projects in AWS over the course of the semester.
Attendance and Inclement Weather Policy
Attendance (including online) in class is expected. You are expected to be well prepared for — and to
routinely attend — all classes except when extenuating circumstances intervene.
In-class labs can be completed outside of class, but you will not have access to the instructor for help in
that case. If you are ill or have an urgent life event, please do not attend class, but send email to thePage 5
course instructor and TA describing your situation.
If there is inclement weather, please watch for University class cancellations. If the University if not
closed but there is inclement weather, please use your good judgement in deciding if you can attend.
Send email to the course instructor and TA describing your situation. Any exam, quiz, or in-class lab
assignment that was scheduled at the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather will be given
at the next class meeting unless contacted by the instructor.
Any exam that was scheduled at the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather, University