# Sun-1060-s22.pdf - 6

or programming projects. Late submissions will not be accepted and will receive a grade
of zero (0).
3 Mimir Homework Assignments (10%)
At the end of each chapter, you will be asked to complete programming assignments on Mimir.
Each assignment will include deadline, formatting and submission instructions. Late submissions
will not be accepted and will receive a grade of zero (0).
4 Mimir Programming Projects (20%)
There will be several programming projects given on Mimir during the semester. These assignments will be programming assignments that you will complete on your own. Each assignment
will include deadline, formatting and submission instructions. Group work is not allowed for programming assignments. Late submissions will not be accepted and will receive a grade
of zero (0). It is best to complete and submit an assignment early rather than risk last-minute
complications.
As a general rule, I may not be able to answer all the emailed questions that are sent within the
24 hour period immediately preceding the due date of an assignment. Please get started early on
assignments, and take advantage of my office hours.
5Page 6
5 Labs (10%)
This course does have a lab component and generally tracks the content of the lecture portion;
however, the labs may introduce new material and require you to apply the material in new ways.
TAs and/or myself will be available for help during the labs. However there will be more students
than TAs, so try to solve the problem on your own before asking for help, as time may limit how
many students we can help.
The labs are also about collaborating and getting to know your fellow students, so for many of the
labs you will be working with a partner on Monday and completing the lab on Wednesday. Attendance on both days is REQUIRED, unless you explicitly talk to the Lab Instructor on Monday
and show that your lab is complete and submitted. While the labs are a small part of the overall