# Sun-1060-s22.pdf - 8

at the end of the semester, or to individual exams, quizzes or assignments. Curves can only raise
your grade, they can never lower it. Curves will never result in a student earning more than 100%
in the class or an assignment. Curves are meant to correct for instructor error. If we give an exam
that students are unable to finish in the allotted time, then we gave an unfair exam and a curve
will be applied to correct that error.
Re-Grade Requests
You may request a re-grade of any graded material. As a single .zip file, upload a PDF including
detailed information about the request along with the material itself (scanned in, if needed) to the
re-grade assignment on Canvas. Re-grade requests are due within one week after the instructor
returns the graded material, regardless of whether the student is in class. Re-grade requests are
performed towards the end of the semester if a change in the assignment grade would facilitate a
change in the overall course grade. For re-grade requests, the instructor will completely re-grade
the assignment; thus a re-grade request might result in a lower overall grade.
Academic Integrity
As members of the Clemson University community, we have inherited Thomas Green Clemson’s
vision of this institution as a “high seminary of learning.” Fundamental to this vision is a mutual
commitment to truthfulness, honor, and responsibility, without which we cannot earn the trust and
respect of others. Furthermore, we recognize that academic dishonesty detracts from the value of
a Clemson degree. Therefore, we shall not tolerate lying, cheating, or stealing in any form. Lack
of knowledge of the academic honesty policy is not a reasonable explanation for a violation. You
may not reuse any submissions from another course for any assignments in this class without prior
written permission from the instructor. Questions related to course assignments and the academic