# Sun-1060-s22.pdf - 0

Page 1
CPSC 1060 - Introduction to Programming in Java Syllabus
Spring 2022
Course Information
Section 010
Instructor: Yu-Shan “Sami” Sun
Office: McAdams 226B
Phone Number: (864) 656-3444
Email: yushans@clemson.edu
Lecture Hours:
MWF 11:15am–12:05pm
(Daniel 415)
Modality: In-Person
Office Hours:
MW 1:30pm–2:30pm,
Thurs 8:00am–10:00am,
or by appointment.
TAs: Check Canvas for TA names, email and office hours.
Preq:
SAT Math score of 620 or higher; or ACT Math score of 26 or higher; or
CMPT score of 60 or higher; or or CPSC 1040 or CPSC 1210.
Coreq: CPSC 1061
Course Description
Principles of software development, style and testing. Topics include procedural and object-oriented
programming in the context of real-world applications. This is one of two normal entry-level courses
for Computer Information Systems and Computer Science majors. Credit will be given for only
one of CPSC 1010, 1060 or 1110.
Learning Outcomes
• Design computer programs to solve problems.
• Implement computer programs in Java to solve problems that use variables, operators, expressions, decision statements, methods, and classes.
• Apply knowledge of compiling, running, testing, and debugging Java programs.
• Determine the expected output of a program by following the logic flow of the input through its
source code.
Topical Outline
• Problem Solving
• Incremental Development & Debugging
• Java/Programming Fundamentals
1Page 2
– Introduction to Programming
– Variables/Assignments/Expressions
– Branches
– Loops
– Arrays
– User-Defined Methods
– Compilation & Make
– Objects & Classes
– Exceptions
– File Input/Output
• Unix Introduction
• Command Line Arguments
• Recursion
• Searching & Sorting
• Linked Lists
Textbooks and Lecture Materials
The following are required for this course:
1. Introduction to Programming in Java by ZyBooks. To purchase the book, you will need to do
the following: