# Sun-1060-s22.pdf - 5

The best way to contact the course instructor or TAs is through email. You must email us from
your Clemson email address. Any emails coming from any other account will be ignored. Also,
do not use Canvas to send email. Please allow 24 hours for your instructor and TAs to respond
to your email on weekdays, and 48 hours on weekends/breaks. Note, the teaching staff will not
4Page 5
correspond to your parents or guardians about your class performance.
Office hours are a great time to come get help or ask questions. You do not need to make an
appointment to come to office hours, you can just show up. Office hours are first come, first serve.
If office hours do not work for you, you can make an appointment to meet with me at another time
that works for both of us. Please do not request an appointment unless you cannot attend office
hours due to a conflict with your class or work schedule.
Microsoft Teams is also a great place to ask questions about an assignment. Please note that the
TAs and myself have lives as well, so please do not expect us to always respond immediately to
your message.
Grading Policy
Grades for all assignments, quizzes and exams will be posted on Canvas.
1 zyBook Participation & Challenge Activities (7.5%)
You may be asked to complete various different activities on zyBook during class time and on
your own. Make sure you understand the material covered in class and ask questions if you don’t
understand something. Late submissions will not be accepted and will receive a grade of
zero (0).
2 Mimir In-Class Exercises (7.5%)
You may be asked to complete in-class programming exercises that is due at the end of the class. We
will have several of these during the semester. They will be slightly more complex than the zyBook
activities, but won’t take nearly as long to complete compared to the Mimir homework assignments
or programming projects. Late submissions will not be accepted and will receive a grade
of zero (0).