# Sun-1060-s22.pdf - 2

• We will be using Mimir for our programming assignments and exams. All programming assignments will be linked to Canvas and access will always start from the course Canvas page. Lecture
and lab programming assignments will be done using the Mimir Linux IDE and submitted to
Mimir for review and grading.
• You are required to have a functioning laptop computer with webcam and microphone
for this course. Your laptop should be running Windows 10 or Macintosh OS X 10.14 or later on
a bootable partition. For examinations and/or quizzes, you may be required to use proctoring
software which will use your webcam to observe you while taking the exam or quiz. Proctoring
services, such as Remote Proctor Now, will require you to pay a fee (approximately $12 online
or $15 at the bookstore). You are also encouraged to have a working set of headphones with
microphone for engaging via remote technologies, especially in situations where privacy may be
warranted (such as discussing course grades with your instructor.)
• A reliable broadband internet connection is required for engaging in the remote delivery
components for this class. If your internet is unreliable, you should email ithelp@clemson.edu
for assistance.
Technology Recovery
If the instructor has technical difficulties, students should use the available class time to review the
lecture content and work on assignments. If the problems persist, the instructor will then try to
make a recording of the missed lecture available on Canvas within two days of the lecture.
If a you have technical difficulties joining the online session:
• Try using the call-in number for the meeting and participate via audio
• Email the instructor and TA, including a screen shot of the issue when possible
Course Schedule
See the Syllabus in Canvas for a weekly topic breakdown.
Attendance
Regular and punctual attendance is required and expected. With this class each lecture builds upon