# Sun-1060-s22.pdf - 3

Course Schedule
See the Syllabus in Canvas for a weekly topic breakdown.
Attendance
Regular and punctual attendance is required and expected. With this class each lecture builds upon
preceding lectures, so missing even a single class can make it difficult to keep up with the course
material. Attendance is not recorded for a grade, but there might be assignments or unannounced
quizzes that must be completed in class.
Being absent, excused or not, does not change the responsibility for assigned work or material covered during the class. If you will be missing class for any reason and you let me know before hand,
you may be able to make up assignments that you would miss in class (instructor’s discretion). For
University-sponsored events, students must provide written notice prior to the event. For all other
3Page 4
excused absences, students should provide to the instructor as soon as possible, written documentation from an acceptable outside source (e.g., school administrator or physician).
Attendance is mandatory on exam days. No make-up exams or quizzes will be given without
prior approval or valid medical emergency. If you arrive late on the day of a quiz or exam, you will
be allowed to participate, but will not be given additional time to compensate for being tardy.
Any exam that was scheduled at the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather will
be given at the next class meeting unless contacted by the instructor. Any assignments due at
the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather will be due at the next class meeting
unless contacted by the instructor. Any extension or postponement of assignments or exams must
be granted by the instructor via email or Canvas within 24 hours of the weather related cancellation.
If the instructor is more than fifteen (15) minutes late and has not posted an announcement via
Canvas, you may leave the in-person or virtual class. Check Canvas and your email in those