# Sun-1060-s22.pdf - 9

may not reuse any submissions from another course for any assignments in this class without prior
written permission from the instructor. Questions related to course assignments and the academic
honesty policy should be directed to the instructor. Collaboration policies (if allowed) will be
posted on the assignment write-up. Otherwise, assume you are not allowed to collaborate with
others or receive outside help.
All infractions of academic dishonesty by undergraduates must be reported to Undergraduate Studies for resolution through that office. In cases of plagiarism instructors may use the Plagiarism
Resolution Form.
Accessibility Statement
Clemson University values the diversity of our student body as a strength and a critical component of our dynamic community. Students with disabilities or temporary injuries/conditions may
require accommodations due to barriers in the structure of facilities, course design, technology
used for curricular purposes, or other campus resources. Students who experience a barrier to full
access to this class should let the instructor know as soon as possible as well as make an appointment to meet with a staff member in Student Accessibility Services (864-656-6848), by emailing
studentaccess@lists.clemson.edu, or by visiting Suite 239 in the Academic Success Center
building. Appointments are strongly encouraged – drop-ins will be seen, if at all possible, but there
could be a significant wait due to scheduled appointments. Students who receive Academic Access
Letters are strongly encouraged to request, obtain, and present these to the instructor through the
AIM portal (https://www.clemson.edu/academics/studentaccess/register.html) as early in
the semester as possible so that accommodations can be made in a timely manner. It is the student’s
7Page 8
responsibility to follow the process each semester. You can access further information here: http: