# Sun-1060-s22.pdf - 1

Textbooks and Lecture Materials
The following are required for this course:
1. Introduction to Programming in Java by ZyBooks. To purchase the book, you will need to do
the following:
(a) Click on your zyBooks link on Canvas (Do not go to the zyBooks website and create a new
account)
(b) Subscribe under: Section 010.
2. Mimir is the programming environment will be using for assignments.
(a) Click on your Mimir link on Canvas
All lecture slides, examples and other handouts will be posted on the course Canvas throughout
the semester.
Supplemental Material
Additional reading material will be assigned throughout the course. These readings will be drawn
from books available via O’Reilly Learning:
https://libraries.clemson.edu/news/safari-books-online/
As a student at Clemson, you can access the O’Reilly’s online content free of charge using your
Clemson email address. You will need to use the link above to create your O’Reilly account.
Technology
• We will use Canvas (http://www.clemson.edu/canvas/) for assignments, quizzes exams and
announcements.
2Page 3
– If you have a general questions regarding an assignment or lecture, you should post a
message on the “CPSC 1060/1061 - Spring 2022” Microsoft Teams group. You should
download Microsoft Teams for your laptop at https://office365.clemson.edu and log in
using your username@clemson.edu credentials. You are encouraged to respond and offer
guidance to your classmates, but do not post answers! All class related grade questions
should be emailed directly to your course instructor.
• If necessary: We will be using Zoom for the remote delivery portions of the class. The Zoom
meetings times and links will be available via Canvas.
• We will be using Mimir for our programming assignments and exams. All programming assignments will be linked to Canvas and access will always start from the course Canvas page. Lecture