# Sun-1060-s22.pdf - 7

and show that your lab is complete and submitted. While the labs are a small part of the overall
class grade, you MUST pass your lab section to pass the course. If you know that you will need to
miss a lab, let me know as soon as possible. It may be possible for you to attend another section
of the lab on a different day.
Late submissions will not be accepted and will receive a grade of zero (0). Your TAs
will go over the expectations during the first lab meeting.
6 Midterm Exams (30%)
There will two midterm exams during the semester, each weighted 15%. Any student that misses
an exam without prior approval or valid medical emergency will receive a grade of zero
(0). Exams will be administered on Canvas and you may be required to use proctoring software
which will use your webcam to observe you while taking the exam.
7 Final Exam (15%)
Final Exam Time: Section 010: Tuesday, May 3, 2022 at 8:00am – 10:30am
We will have a cumulative final exam in this course. If you have three or more final exams on the
same day, let me know and we may be able to move your exam to a different time. The final exam
time is set by the University and we cannot change the time of the final exam. There will not
be any final exam exemptions for this course. Final exam will be administered on Canvas
and you may be required to use proctoring software which will use your webcam to observe you
while taking the exam. Any student that misses an exam without prior approval or valid
medical emergency will receive a grade of zero (0).
Grading Scale
90% - 100% A
80% - 89% B
70% - 79% C
60% - 69% D
Below 60% F
6Page 7
This grading scale will not change, however a curve may be applied at the instructor’s discretion
at the end of the semester, or to individual exams, quizzes or assignments. Curves can only raise
your grade, they can never lower it. Curves will never result in a student earning more than 100%