# Sun-1060-s22.pdf - 4

If the instructor is more than fifteen (15) minutes late and has not posted an announcement via
Canvas, you may leave the in-person or virtual class. Check Canvas and your email in those
circumstances for further explanation.
Academic Continuity Plan
Clemson indicates disruptions to physical facilities (including classrooms) via email and SMS
notifications. If the Clemson administration notifies you of a disruption (other than inclement
weather closures, which abide by the policy listed above), class will be conducted online via Canvas. More details regarding academic continuity may be found at: http://www.clemson.edu/
online/elearning/index.html
Laptop Usage
Please bring your laptop to class, we may not use your laptop every class, but you will need it for
quizzes, exams, and programming exercises. Please exercise good judgment when using a laptop
for note taking since you may not only distract yourself, but also people seated near you. If you
use your laptop in such a way that it distracts others (i.e., play games, check social media), you
will be asked to leave.
Health & COVID-19 Policies
While on campus, face coverings are strongly recommended in all buildings and classrooms. Face
coverings are also strongly recommended in outdoor spaces where physical distance cannot be
guaranteed. Please be familiar with the additional information on the Healthy Clemson website. For
a student who reports testing positive or is being asked to quarantine/isolate because of exposure
to the virus, the student should inform the instructor by using the Notification of Absence module
in Canvas. Students should follow up with their instructor to develop a continued plan of study for
each course.
Contacting Your Instructors and TAs
The best way to contact the course instructor or TAs is through email. You must email us from
your Clemson email address. Any emails coming from any other account will be ignored. Also,