# Wang-4620-s22.pdf - 1

architecture and design considerations. 
2. Conceptual model and ER diagram (2 hours): Discussing ER Model; introducing EER diagram; 
studying how to use ER model to design a database system. 
3. Relational data model and database schema (2 hours): Learning the relational data model and 
studying how to convert ER model to relational database schema. 
4. Database normalization (2 hours): Introducing the functional dependency concepts; discussing the 
normal forms of relations, and the techniques used to perform the database normalization and the 
associated performance tradeoffs. 
5. SQL language through MySQL (3 hours): Studying SQL language using MySQL DBMS system; 
learning how to install and manage the MySQL database; writing SQL queries for retrieving 
information from the database. 
6. Index, key, and other constraints (2 hours): Discussing the concepts of indexing, key constraints, and 
integrity of the database. 
7. Query Optimization (2 hours): Introducing the query processing and query optimization techniques. 
We will discuss how a DBMS system processes queries and introduce the options for query Page 2
optimization. Normalization will also be revisited with the emphasis on the performance tradeoffs 
associated to normalization. 
8. Web server, HTTP, HTML. PHP (4 hours): Discussing web server, HTTP protocols, HTML scripts 
and PHP programming. 
9. HTTP form, script design and Multimedia presentation (3 hours): Studying web form design and 
JavaScript. Discussing how to present multimedia data on the web page.
10. View, Triggers, and Stored Procedure (3 hours): Discussing the concepts of views, triggers and 
stored procedures; introducing transaction processing; studying the techniques for maintaining the data 
consistency.
11. Performance Evaluation and System Improvement (3 hours): Introducing the test case design, 
performance evaluation methods, and system improvement techniques.