# Wang-4620-s22.pdf - 0

Page 1
CPSC 4620/6620 (Section 1): Database Management Systems
Term: Spring 2022
Instructor: James (Zijun) Wang, Professor
School of Computing
125 McAdams Hall, Clemson University
Phone: (864) 656-7678, Fax: (864) 656-0145
Email: jzwang@clemson.edu
Objectives and Learning Outcomes:
1. Students shall understand conceptual modeling concepts and be able to use ER Model to design 
database applications. 
2. Students shall be familiar with relational data models and be able to design relational database 
schemas from ER diagrams. 
3. Students shall be able to use an industry standard query language (SQL) to query the relational 
databases. 
4. Students shall understand the basic concepts of query optimization and learn simple query 
optimization techniques. 
5. Students shall gain experience in designing and implementing web-based database systems. 
6. Students shall improve oral and written communication skills through written and oral 
presentation of their projects.
Textbook: An Introduction to Database Systems, Eighth Edition, C. J. Date, Addison Wesley, 2004, 
ISBN: 0-321-19784-4.
Prerequisite: CpSc 3220 or CpSc 3600.
Instruction Approach:
The problem-based instruction approach, TEXNH, will be used in this course. Students are expected to 
learn database concepts through a semester-long multimedia database project. Specifically, students 
will be required to implement an online multimedia database system, MeTube, which is essentially a 
modified version of the popular YouTube system (http://www.youtube.com), while learning database 
theories and technologies. Web technologies necessary for implementing the project will also been 
studied.
Content (tentative, may change during the semester):
1. Database Design Specification (1 hour): Learning database concepts; discussing the database 
architecture and design considerations. 
2. Conceptual model and ER diagram (2 hours): Discussing ER Model; introducing EER diagram;