# Wang-4620-s22.pdf - 4

of academic dishonesty, the faculty member shall make a formal written charge of academic 
dishonesty, including a description of the misconduct, to the Associate Dean for Curriculum in the 
Office of Undergraduate Studies. At the same time, the faculty member may, but is not required 
to, inform each involved student privately of the nature of the alleged charge.”
http://www.clemson.edu/academics/academic-integrity/
Accessibility Statement: 
Clemson University values the diversity of our student body as a strength and a critical component 
of our dynamic community. Students with disabilities or temporary injuries/conditions may 
require accommodations due to barriers in the structure of facilities, course design, technology 
used for curricular purposes, or other campus resources. Students who experience a barrier to full 
access to this class should let the professor know, and make an appointment to meet with a staff 
member in Student Accessibility Services as soon as possible. You can make an appointment by 
calling 656-6848, by emailing studentaccess@lists.clemson.edu, or by visiting Suite 239 in the 
Academic Success Center building. Appointments are strongly encouraged - drop-ins will be seen 
if at all possible, but there could be a significant wait due to scheduled appointments. Students 
who receive Academic Access Letters are strongly encouraged to request, obtain and present these 
to their professors as early in the semester as possible so that accommodations can be made in a 
timely manner. It is the student's responsibility to follow this process each semester. You can 
access further information here: http://www.clemson.edu/campus-life/campus-services/sds/.
Title IX (Sexual Harassment) Statement: 
Clemson University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not 
discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, pregnancy,