# Wang-4620-s22.pdf - 2

consistency.
11. Performance Evaluation and System Improvement (3 hours): Introducing the test case design, 
performance evaluation methods, and system improvement techniques.
Class Hours/Room: 17:45PM – 19:00 PM, Mon. and Wed. Watt Family Innovation Center 208
Office Hours/Room: 9:00AM - 10:00AM, Mon. and Wed. McAdams Hall 125/Zoom
Final Exam: Monday, May 2, 7:00PM - 9:30PM Watt Family Innovation Center 208
Attendance Policy: 
• It is very important to attend the class since the lecture content may come from sources other than 
the textbook.
• Failure to attend the class most likely leads to missing some information not in lecture notes or 
textbook. Such information is important for project and tests.
• The students can leave if the instructor does not show up in the classroom 15 minutes after the 
scheduled class starting time.
• Any exam that was scheduled at the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather, 
University power outage, etc. will be given at the next class meeting unless contacted by 
the instructor. Any assignments due at the time of a class cancellation due to inclement weather 
will be due at the next class meeting unless the instructor contacts students. Any extension 
or postponement of assignments or exams must be granted by the instructor via email or 
Canvas within 24 hours of the weather-related cancellation.
Evaluation:
• Project (40%): Implement an online multimedia database system.
• Midterm Exam (20%): Cover the content studied in first half of the semester.
• Final Exam (40%): A comprehensive exam on content studied in the entire semester.
• CpSc 6620 Students: More requirements on project.
Project Policy: 
• The project should be done by a team of three students (two-student team may be allowed).
• All teams must finish their projects independently. Any form of cheating (including copying or 
reusing code from any source) will result in 0 (zero) point for the project.